Title: Law Governs All Events
 Prepared By: Mr. C. Jones Bey GS | Adept: Educational Insight | published May 1, 2017 
A Moorish American Scholar ©publication special limited Adept edition vol.1. 

All praises are due to Allah. 
Highest Honors to Allah’s Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali, honors to Moorish Americans, Moslems and Asiatics 
in this new era of time, those on the path and honors to all nationalities and nations praising the Great God 
under their own vine and fig tree and honors to whom honor is due. 

PREFACE 
“There is but one Allah, the author, the creator, the governor of the world, almighty, eternal, and 
incomprehensible.” 
RE: HKMSTA1
Ch. XXXV: 1 
“He hath instituted laws for the government of the world; He hath wonderfully varied them in all beings; 
and each, by his nature conformeth to His will.” 
HKMSTA Ch. XXXV: 10 
As a Moorish American we are instructed to “Know thyself and Allah.” This is “Thee Law” the science of 
Moorish Science also known as the “Knowledge of Self” and/or the ‘path’ or ‘way’ or life. To accomplish 
such a lofty idea is to be on the path, “Islamism” or Peace, the Divine instructions for all Moslems; Peace 
with God, Man, Nature/ones surroundings for a simplified understanding. As a Grand Sheik meaning one 
proficient in the degrees of law to understand the way, so as to further instruct and be of service to ones 
brothers & sisters and others on the path. Thus said it is understood… 
“The way, is life, and life is the path, 
of “Thee Law” “; deeper still, being the very law one comes to manifest. All Law is established in ‘Truth’ 
which is Holy Breath, Aught, Allah (All -La (h) w). Truth is that which changes not.  
In the divine instructions for Man it is understood that “… In all the world there are two things. The one is 
truth, the other is falsehood, and falsehood is that which seems to be.  Now truth is aught and has no cause, 
and yet it is the cause of everything. Falsehood is naught and yet it is the manifest of right. Whatever has 
been made will be unmade; that which begins must end.” 
HKMSTA Ch. VII: 4-7 – [commercial law in a nut 
shell. After reading Ch.’s I, II, & III explain if you are able to see why the above quote explains the 
commercial law’s process 
note
: this is an assignment] 
1 HKMSTA; Holy Koran of the Moorish Science Temple of America 
Divinely prepared by the Noble Prophet Drew Ali  published in 1927 
Ecclesiastical and secular laws for Moorish Americans & Moslems 
PAGE 1 
“Man is truth and falsehood strangely mixed.” Man is breath made flesh; so truth and falsehood are 
conjoined in him and then they thrive, and naught goes down and man as truth abides.” 
Ch.VII:13 [speaking; 
{Public Minister}-day star from on high, aka Jesus the Christ] 
In the light of the above… 
“Thee Law is the unshakeable pillars of truth, dispelling the darkness of 
falsehood, reveling the light, to settle in peace.”
2
Laws for civilized Governments, their Religions, Science, Philosophy are grown out of this ‘Force’ 
of nature and its natural development constituted by a Prophet of Allah, one sent to deliver “Thee Law “and 
appoint those faithful to the truth, (trustee); for the greatest development of its people to their highest 
potential which is the nature of its source, that being Truth. In essence all true and divine laws come from 
Allah and due to the divine nature of Allah the laws from Allah to Man are to guide, to instruct to a perfect 
state of being or being Peace itself. It is the need for civilized man to develop ways and paths to better 
comprehend true Law or the ‘Force’, more comprehensively understood the Will of Allah, and institute 
civilizations that harmonize with that Will. (i.e. Moorish Science Temple of America-Moorish Divine and 
National Movement The Kingdom of Heaven, a religious Body Politic a Divine Nation-state establish 1913 
A.D. by the “Will of Allah” through His Holy and Noble Prophet Drew Ali.(Amen). 
Chapter 1 
In the development of civilization the Will of Allah, [Love/Truth] “
Thee Law”, Is the law of all laws 
the first LAW. Its second expression in the picking order of law is 
Natural Law.3 Natural law is existence as 
it is, being what is, functions as it functions according to the laws which make it what it is. So Natural Law 
is the “given-truth” It is the constancies that make existence able to be what it is at all. The science of 
2Quote by: The Scientist 
3 See (Natural Law is perfectly explained through the Seven principles of Thoth)   1. The Principle of Thought: “All is mind, the Universe is Mental”, and 
even our actions arise from thoughts. What we think we shall become. When we have the right thoughts, the right action will follow.  2. The Principle of 
Correspondence:  “As above, so below; as below, so above”, All things have its equivalent part – physically, mentally, and spiritually – which are in harmony 
with another,  physical, mental, and spiritual are not separated but flows in the same line with different degrees of existence. 3. The Principle of Vibration: 
“Nothing rests, everything moves, everything vibrates.” The Principle of vibration is one of the accepted laws of the modern science which states that all 
of life are vibrations at different frequencies, Higher frequency vibrations are in the realm of the unseen while lower frequency vibrations resides in the 
physical world where our sights can translate the visible light. We either vibrate at a state of harmony or a state of chaos. This is within your control... 4. 
The Principle of Polarity: “Everything is Dual; everything has poles, everything has its pair of opposites; like and unlike are the same; opposites are 
identical in nature, but different in degree’ extremes meet, all truths are but half-truths; all paradoxes may be reconciled.”  5. The Principle of Rhythm: 
“Everything flows out and in; everything has its tides; all things rise and fall; the pendulum swing manifests in everything; the measure of the swing to 
the right is the measure of the wring to the left; rhythm compensates.”, There is a rhythm. There is a cycle. What flows in, flows out.  6.   The Principle of 
Gender: “Gender is in everything; everything has its Masculine and Feminine Principles; Gender manifests on all planes; to create, there must be infused 
masculine and feminine force.  7.” The Principle of Cause and Effect: “Every Cause has its Effect; every Effect has its Cause; everything happens according 
to Law; Chance is but a name for Law not recognized; there are many planes of causation, but nothing escapes the Law.” [“…there are no happenstance 
laws governs all events…” HKMSTA: Ch. II]. 
PAGE 2 
epistemology teaches us that every age there is a milestone in the journey of the human race, and these 
milestones are developed through governments (the people) in harmony with “”Thee Law”; we call these 
times golden ages. We have science, philosophies and medicine and we apply ‘Thee Law’  to these 
expressions of civilizations and we all presuppose in these expressions that we are discovering and learning 
and being able to apply something that already pre-exists. Natural Law is “given-truth”. 
When “Thee Law” begins to emerge in human consciousness through observation and application 
of Natural Law; thoughts, thinking, words, deeds or Actions in the natural order of evolution you have what 
is the most fundamental of all human law. The most fundamental of all human laws is the law of economics, 
Commercial Law. Commercial Law is the third law, it has to do with human survival, with human interactions 
of any kind, any relationship, buying, selling, trading, or relating in any way. Which gave rise to the fourth 
law,
Moral Law of the family. Definition of moral law. : a general rule of right living; especially : such a rule 
or group of rules conceived as universal and unchanging and as having the sanction of God's will, of 
conscience, of man's moral nature, or of natural justice as revealed to human reason4. 
Next which is over looked in most societies when understing the applications of law in its root 
order, is the 
Law of the Family or the 
Law of Nations or the laws of ones forefathers, the laws of ones vine 
and fig tree which gave rise to the Nations -‘
state’ or Government laws to protect the family member 
against any other people (nation) or another family member. The law of Nations or International law, may 
be defined as the body of rules and principles of action which are binding upon civilized states in their 
relation with one another.5 Another way of seeing this is Nationality is the Order of the day.6 
From this emerges governments 
Common Law, common law emerged in England around the 1100 
AD during the dark ages as the Europeans called it. In reality it was during Moorish rule in the lands of 
Albeon that “Thee Law” was being reviled until their renaissance so as to lead the second half of the Kali 
age until it was over with. Common law was developed to resolve disputes over allodial land boundaries; it 
is the law of the land. Common law gave rise to the jury system and writs and processes which 
monarchy/governments have absorbed into their ruler-ships and regulations and rules made into statutes 
and processes in courts, Common law is valid to the extent that it does not conflict with Commercial law.  
From this we get the Five Echelons Hierarchical System of Law: 
 “Thee Law” or the Will of Allah or the Law of the Force 
 Natural Law 
4merriam-webster.com/dictionary 
5 The Law of Nations by J. L. Brierly 
6 See Nationality is the Order of The Day Moorish American Scholar 2013; google it. 
PAGE 3 
 Commercial Law 
 Moral Law 
 Law of Nations 
A point of reference needs to be expressed for the Adept Moorish thinker. The five 
hierarchy of Law are in perfect oscillation with the Five highest principles of law in 
Moorish jurisprudence; L.T.P.F.J. 
≥
≥
≥ 
Thus these Five high principles are the Source Code of Law for all civilizations, which desire Peace; 
and can be expressed as a formula: Source Code formula and/or the Justice formula, [L x T p/f=J] ©7. And 
brings deeper meaning to “He (Allah) has instituted law for the government of the world…” HKMSTA 
XXXV: 10. We shall discuss this in detail in Book VII of this Seven Book series.  
Chapter 2 
Commercial Law because of its nature is the key that unlocks the doors; in understing its application and 
processes through state and government laws will give the check mate remedy in law. The principles and 
maxims and precepts of Commercial Law are eternal and unchangeable and unchanging. They are 
expressed in the Koran and Bible and it has remained unchanged for thousands of years and it forms the 
underline foundation for all law and governments in the world, the Law of Nations and everything that 
human civilization is built on. Understanding law at this level by these processes, nothing that is of an 
inferior statue can overturn it or change it or abrogate it or meddle with it. It remains the fundamental 
source of authority and power and functional reality. There are ten (10) essential maxims of truth or 
precepts in commercial law:  
1. The first of these expressed in the Holy Koran of the Moorish Science Temple of America Ch. XXXI: 
3 “Cast not an evil eye on the goods of thy neighbor; let whatever is his property be sacred from 
7 First observation of Source Code from the divine principles 
Was conceived between Jan.-May 2014 by Bro. C. Jones Bey GS and styled into 
A formula {L*T p/f=J} ©and its principle concepts; which were inspired through the 
Will of ALLAH, by His Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali. (Amen). 
PAGE 4 
thy touch.” Or the Old Testament of the people of the Book, Exodus 20:15 “Thou shall not steal.” 
Which is in terms of Commercial Law  “
A WORK MAN IS WORTHY OF HIS HIRE”  
2. The second maxim of Commercial Law is “Equality before the Law” or moor precisely 
“ALL ARE 
EQUAL UNDER THE LAW” which can be seen expressed in the HKMSTA Ch. XXXI: 5 “Defame him 
not in his character, bear no false witness against him.” Also in Act. 3 of the DC&By-Laws of the 
MSTA8 “Love, Truth, Peace, Freedom and Justice must be proclaimed and practice by all members 
of the Moorish Science Temple of America. No member is to put in danger or accuse falsely his 
brother or sister on any occasion because Allah is love.” What this means is Commercial Law being 
founded on the unchanging principle of “Thee Law” and Natural Law is binding on everyone which 
naturally creates the moral law enforced by the Nation/Family because it is binding on everyone’s 
family and no one can escape it. 
3. The third maxim of law is “
IN COMMERCE TRUTH IS SOVEREIGN” Truth is Sovereign [{the Law of 
the Force},  we can see this maxim and other maxims expressed in the M.A.P9… “Allah the Father 
of the universe {the highest Sovereign authority}, the Father of Love Truth Peace Freedom and 
Justice {The Source Code of Thee Law for the government of the world, Law of the Family} Allah 
is my Protector my Guide and my Salvation by night and by day [all are equal under the law] 
through His [workman] Holy Prophet Drew Ali. (Amen).” {The Divine and National Principles of the 
Nation-state by the Founder} the MAP is also an affidavit]. … And the Sovereign tells the truth 
(your word is your bond aka Covenants). When one is lost out side of his “vine and fig tree” truth 
is not sovereign in Commerce (commerce meaning essentially, every human action and inter
relationships), and when the Will of Allah is not sovereign there would be no basis for anything. 
No basis for law and order, no basis for accountability, there would be no standards, no capacity 
to resolve anything because it means anything goes, each man for himself and nothing matters 
debased down to survival of the fittest, [money becomes ones god]. So “IN COMMERCE TRUTH IS 
SOVEREIGN” 
4. Fourth maxim of COMMERICAL LAW is “
TRUTH IS EXPRESSED IN THE FORM OF AN AFFIDAVIT “. 
In commerce an affidavit must coexist and underlay and form the foundation and responsibility 
for any commercial transaction whatsoever. There can be no valid commercial transaction without 
someone taking the risk and putting his commercial honor on the line and stated that “this is true 
and correct and certain situation” When one issues an affidavit you have engaged a two edge 
sword: it cuts both ways. This affidavit may be a claim or bill that you send to someone in due form, 
8 DC&By-Laws MSTA : Divine Constitution and By-Laws  
Of the Moorish Science Temple of America, Social Compact  
For Moorish Americans and Moslems 
9Moorish American Prayer 
PAGE 5 
and it must say that they owe you some money or something. Someone has got to take 
responsibility for saying, in fact, that this is a real situation, and this why it’s a real situation.  
a. In commerce if someone sends you a bill or assessment or something of this kind they have 
tabulated the goods or services that they have provided for you with the amount of each 
in a booking ledger. They total it at the bottom, and this is the total amount you owe, this 
called a “True Bill in Commerce”. Unless there is a Commercial Affidavit that is, proper 
commercial paperwork with somebody taking responsibility, there is no valid commercial 
transaction. 
b. When you issue an Affidavit in commerce you get the power of the Affidavit. You also incur 
the liability, because there has to be a real situation, other people might be adversely 
affected by it, they may depend on it and go out and start factories and borrow money 
they may think that they have a true bill and have to send money. Someone now is gaining 
as a result of the Affidavit. 
c. 
Affidavits changes things in ways which would/could affect other people. This means 
whoever issued an affidavit in commerce has a liability for its veracity; and if what you say 
in your affidavit is in fact not true, then those who are adversely affected can come back 
to you with a claim for recourse that is justifiable because you LIED. You have told a 
falsehood as though it were the truth. People have depended on it and then they have lost 
because of your lie. 
5. The Fifth maxim of Commercial Law is: “
AN UNREBUTTED AFFIDAVIT STANDS AS THE TRUTH IN 
COMMERCE” meaning claims are made; if they go unchallenged they emerge as the truth in the 
matter. 
A THOUGHT RE: there is a presumption in commerce that Asiatic people are Negros “BLACK 
PRESONS” a second class citizen which is like saying a stateless person or refugee. An if this is 
affirmed by the Asiatic through his/her words deeds and actions and ignorance of the law, (the Law 
of Family) this is no excuses and if unrebutted (the affidavit- ‘Birth Certificate’ that states such a 
shameful and notorious deficit) then he/she are subject to that status. RE: The Prophet Makes A 
Plea to the Nations Friday Nov. 1928. An Affidavit of Proclamation of Nationality issued by a duly 
qualified and verified; appointed and anointed and consecrated Sheik of the Moorish Science 
Temple of America can rebut such a presumption in law. By you proclaiming your nationality and 
religion and allegiance to the divine and national principles in a public meeting among the political 
community and the declaration is made; such a declaration is the first Affidavit to be used with 
others to repudiate such prima face evidence. 
6. The sixth maxim of Commercial Law is
: “AN UNREBUTTED AFFIDAVIT BECOMES THE JUDGMENT 
IN COMMERCE” meaning there is nothing left to resolve. (see Our Authority back of 101’s)  
PAGE 6 
7. The Seventh maxim of Commercial Law is: “
IN COMMERCE FOR ANY MATTER TO BE RESOLVED IT 
MUST BE EXPRESSED” (The Science of Proclamation: “but this is a new era of time and all men now 
must proclaim their free national name in the government in which you live and the nations of the 
earth…”). This means no one is a mind reader. You have to put your position on the line, you have 
to state what the issue is, to have something resolved.
8. There is an ancient principle in Mosaic Law (Canaanite Law) that whosoever leaves the battle field 
fist loses by default. In commerce; it is that an Affidavit which is unrebutted point for point by 
another Affidavit stands as TRUTH IN COMMERCE because it hasn’t been rebutted which leads to 
the eighth maxim of Commercial Law is: “
HE WHO LEAVES THE BATTLE FIELD FIRST LOSES BY 
DEFAULT”. Governments and all of their laws and processes is to resolve disputes and to resolve 
conflicts between Affidavit of Truth.
9. The ninth maxim of Commercial Law is: “
SACRAFICE IS THE MEASURE OF CREDIBILITY” No 
willingness to sacrifice- no liability, responsibility, authority or measure of convection.
10. The tenth maxim of Commercial Law is: “
A LIEN OR CLAIM CAN BE SATISFIED ONLY THROUGH 
REBUTTLE BY AFFIDAVIT POINT-FOR-POINT, RESOLUTION BY JURY, and /or PAYMENT”.
Nationality Card of the MSTA  
After reading Book I explain the dynamics of the above statements points of authority in maxims of 
commercial law within said statement. Is the above an affidavit? Analyze and brake down the 
statement in terms of the dynamics of a contract, i.e., what part of the statement above deals with 
what laws, is it Private law? How and why? If it is.  What part is regulating, obligating, etc. have your 
answer written out and ready to present when you can answer it or when asked. NOTE: This is an 
assignment  
PAGE 7 
After reading Book I test you comprehension of what you’ve read and digested. The above article is and 
actual case, how would you construct a defense (legal argument/Affidavit) to win this case? From what 
you learned in Book I. What maxim of law would you use to start your case or action?  Use the examples 
given of Affidavits to help construct your case, you have all the information to construct a winning 
action. NOTE this is your last assignment.  
Chapter 3 
The affidavit, when properly used, especially when leveraged by your status as a free National citizen, is the 
most powerful instrument available defending, protecting and asserting your, National citizenship rights. For 
this reason, it is incumbent upon you to become practiced in its use and in your ability to recognize its many 
forms. If you are unable to recognize when affidavits are being solicited, you may be the unwittingly dupe of 
other parties attempting to create a binding contract.  At this time a look into the understanding of 
Contracts (Affidavits) and the laws that govern them in today’s commercial world would help one see the 
PAGE 8 
applications that the affidavit is applied in its many forms. Contracts are classed under Business Law 
which is Private Law.
Private Law : is that part of substantive law governing individuals ( Nationals) and legal entities (14th 
Amendment citizens known as persons, i.e. Black people, Latinos, Colored people, African Americans, white 
persons and  corporations) in their relationships with one another. 
Substantive Law: creates defends and regulates legal rights and obligations, thus the rules of Contract Law that 
determines when a binding contract is formed are rules of substantive law. 
Procedural Law: sets forth the rules for enforcing those rights that exist by reason of the substantive law. Thus 
procedural law defends the method by which to obtain a remedy in court. 
Public Law: is that branch of substantive law that deals with the government rights and powers and its 
relationship to individuals or groups. Public law consists of: constitutional law, administrative and criminal law. 
By the signature of your hand at  the legal age to contract 18 years old, or before you became of legal age, 
the signature of your parent or other authority such as a physician, have been signing you into bondage 
since you were born mostly through ignorance. Certificates of Live Birth/ Birth Certificates, applications for 
a driver license, and IRS 1040 form, enrollment forms for school/college,  a voter registration, and every 
single document that this modern commercial system requires others to be bound or obligated by, is, or 
requires and affidavit. A ticket is an affidavit when you have to sign, a marriage license is an 
affidavit/contract. Seeing this with the eye of spirit ones actions deeds, words and thoughts are all an 
affidavit and karma is the rebutted or unrebutted Affidavit in one’s life standing as truth in commerce. … 
Now on with the academic. When signed they represent an oath or Commercial Affidavit executed under 
penalty of perjury, “true, correct and complete”. Affidavits also occur in a court settings where testimony 
(oral) is stated in judicial terms by being sworn to be “the truth [the Will of Allah] the whole truth, and 
nothing but the truth, so help me God.” 
In the light of integrity test yourself to see if you comprehend the supra, by matching the few 
preceding statements to one of the 10 maxims of commercial law. NOTE: this is a Pre-Test 
a) “Of all that is good, sublimity is supreme.” 
b) “To tell a lie is to go against the mind” 
c) “He who fails to assert his rights has none” 
d) “He who does not repel a wrong when he can occasions it” 
e) “He who does deny, admits” 
PAGE 9 
As a point of authority on an Affidavit: no court or judge can overturn or disregard or abrogate somebody’s 
affidavit. The only one who has any right or responsibility or knowledge to rebut your affidavit, is the one 
who is adversely affected by it. Just as no one can know what your truth is it is the affected parties 
responsibility and obligation to issue their own affidavit and to speak on their own behalf. 
Commercial law is pre-judicial it establishes the basis for keeping your matters in the private which 
is non-judicial, or pre-judicial (without prejudice). It is the only foundation by which governments or any 
court system can possibly exist or function. All that courts are ultimately adjudicating and making rules 
about, are the fundamental precepts of Commercial Law. Commercial processes are non-judicial. They are 
summary processes (without a jury). 
In commerce there are two phases; assessment, and collection. The Assessment aspect, is about 
determining who owes who, what, why, how much, and for what reason. The collection aspect is based in 
International commerce that has existed for more than 10,000years. It is based on Jewish (ancient 
Canaanite) Law and the Jewish grace period, which is in unites of three; three days, three weeks, and three 
months. This is why you get 90 day letters from billers.  
Without the Knowledge of self “Know Thy Self and Allah.” Which is the Law of the Family which 
directly ties to your nationality; Asiatics or 14th Amendment citizens, won’t know the rules, nor use them, 
they don’t know what the game is, and they don’t know what to do. They don’t know how to invoke their 
rights, remedies and recourses. Most get lost in the cares of the world, doing everything under the sun 
except the one and only things that is the solution to their overall problems, which is based in law. No one 
is going to tell you what to do or the solution other than your Family a Forefather; one sent from among 
you enlighten to the Knowledge of Self, ordained from the Great God (RE: Holy Koran of Mecca Sura 14:4) 
such a One is Noble Drew Ali, Prophet of Allah. 
What can be done about this? SOLUTION: “ACT 6” of the MSTA-DC&By-Laws is the only solution for all 
Asiatics in the Americas. A Declaration is made from the Authority (Sheik) of the One Temple and/or (District 
Temple of the Nation-State). A Declaration is an Affidavit. 
In its formal expression, An Affidavit is a statement of facts that chronicle the events of a particular 
commercial or legal matter, reduced to writing, and sworn to or affirmed before a person legally authorized 
to administer an oath or affirmation such as a notary. The person making the statement is technically known 
as the affiant or deponent. The affidavit usually contains statements that you can attest to, based on your 
firsthand knowledge, and may also contain statements based on the observations of others if you indicate 
this by adding that the information is based on your ‘information and belief’. 
PAGE 10 
You may sometimes see affidavits titled and referred to as “Affidavit of Truth” or Affidavit of Facts”. 
This is informal and redundant-all affidavits are about the truth and facts. Here are some formal definitions 
and types of affidavits and the definition for declaration since this is used in the definition for affidavits 
from BLK Law 6th edition: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Affidavit: A written or printed declaration or statement of facts, made voluntarily, and confirmed 
by the oath or affirmation of the party making it, taken before a person having authority to 
administer such an oath or affirmation. 
Affidavit of defense: An affidavit stating that the defendant has good defense to the plaintiff’s 
action on the merit; e.g. affidavit filed with motion for summary judgment. 
Affidavit of inquiry: By court rule in certain states, substituted service of process may be had on 
absent defendants if it appears by affidavit of plaintiff’s attorney, or other person having 
knowledge of the facts, that defendant cannot after diligent inquiry, be served within the state. 
Affidavit of merits: Ones setting forth that the defendant has a meritorious defense (substantial 
and not technical) and stating the facts constituting the same. See affidavit of defense. 
Affidavit of notice: A sworn statement that affiant gas given proper notice of hearing to other 
parties to action. 
Affidavit of service: An affidavit intended to certify the service of a writ, notice, summons, or other 
document or process. In federal courts. If service is made by a person other than a United States 
Marshall or his deputy, he shall make affidavit thereof. 
Affidavit to hold bail: An affidavit required in many cases before the defendant in a civil action 
may be arrested. Such as affidavit must contain a statement, clearly and certainly expressed, by 
someone acquainted with the facts, of an indebtedness from the defendant to the plaintiff, and 
must show a distinct cause of action. 
Declaration: A common-law pleading, the first of pleading on the part of the plaintiff in action at 
law, being a formal and methodical specification of facts and circumstances constituting his cause 
or action. It commonly comprises serval sections or divisions, called: “counts”, and its formal part 
follows each other in this general order: Title, venue, commencement, cause of action, counts 
conclusion. The declaration at common law answers to the “libel” in ecclesiastical and admiralty 
law, the “bill” in equity, the “petition” in civil law, the “complaint” is used in the federal courts 
and in all states that have adopted Rules of Civil Procedure. 
PAGE 11 
After the Prophet Noble Drew Ali, our first Supreme Grand Sheik, Adept of the Moorish Science Temple of America, groomed 
by the prophet, Divine Minister, and Shepheard of the Prophet’s flock, Bro. E. Mealy El.10 He is the great legal mind of our time 
in Moorish Jurisprudence. He laid a foundation in the court system in Cook County for future sheiks and adepts and students of 
Moorish jurisprudence to wisely study, setting presentence in the victory of his adversaries in defense of the faith; protecting the 
Prophet and the Temple.  With close attention to the below actual Affidavit our dear brother SGS beloved son of Heave, E. Mealy 
El used to defeat C. Kirckman Bey, and his band of traders and embezzlers of the faith. With the ‘EYE’ you will be able to use this 
power to defeat your adversaries in defense of the faith as well. Study well his affidavit for you are in his great school of 
jurisprudence as a Moorish Jurist or Adept [The E. Mealy El University of Moorish Jurisprudence ©] 
The following affidavit is the actual affidavit used to notice all California officials to our status [MSTA No. 43] as a religious 
society operating lawfully in the state as a subordinate body of the parent body after being established according to the laws of 
the prophet. (Act 1. of the additional Laws, but not limited to) Please take note to the style and weight.  
10 See Moorish American Scholar religious & historical 
Facts on SGS E. Mealy El 1927-35 published 2012 
PAGE 12 
The hearing was in in a Chancery court: A court of equity; collectively, the court of equity.2.the system of jurisprudence 
administered in in courts of equity. BLK Law third Pocket edit... Equity: Fairness; impartiality; evenhanded dealing. 2 The body of 
principles constituting what is fair and right; natural law. 3 the recourse to principles of justice to correct or supplement the law as 
applied to particular circumstances. [Moorish Americans should always defend in such a court] 
PAGE 13 
 
PAGE 14 
 
 
                                                                                                                                            
 
Moorish Divine and National Movement of North America 
Moorish Science Temple of America Branch Temple No. 43  
Los Angeles, California U.S.A. 
E-mail Navigatoorsxxx address: In care of: xxxx 
 
 
Affidavit of Notice and Articles of  
Religion  
 
 
[Made Pursuant to Declaration of Rights Indigenous People, UN res. 60/147 Human Rights Law, Article 
31 Sec. 1 Articles 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, Hague Convention, & Titles 28 USCA Section 1746, * Pursuant to 
the provisions of 1:10, 1:  4:2:  6:2: 7: 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10,: of the U. S. Constitution, the Supreme Law of the 
Land,  *Pursuant to Moorish Science Temple of America Divine Constitution and By-Laws ACT 6, 
*Pursuant to  ‘Moslem Law’ The International Congress on Comparative Law;[see: 1945 vol 14, United 
Nation Committee on Jurist, p.p. 375-379]: The Holy Koran of the Moorish Science  
Temple of America Ch. 47:9-14, *Pursuant to  86 League of Nations Treaty “Bustamante Code” Title I Ch. 
I ART. 17, 18; Title II ART. 105-113, Ch. II ART. 114-117 and by virtue of the Charter for Freedoms and 
Exemptions of Patroons 1629, Treaty of Watertown 1776, Treaty of Fort Pitts 1778, Treaty of Marrakesh 
1787, Northwest Ordinance of 1787, Treaty of Amity and Commerce 1794 standing on the land of Alabama 
Territory, by virtue of the Acts of Admission of 1803 and 1953. ] 
 
 
 
 C. JONES first being sworn states upon oath competently to the facts stated in this affidavit of merit 
and notice of articles of religion is true, based upon personal knowledge that he believes he has good cause 
to the merit; 
That he has a right as an officer, agent, custodian, representative , disciple, successor in trust and as Bro. C. 
Jones Bey Sheik and as C. Jones Bey and by appointment a donee (see verification of certification of trust 
and trustee); and by right in the premises of succession under the constitution and by-laws, laws and 
governmental and ecclesiastical power and the Divine Constitution and By-Laws of the Moorish Science 
Temple of America, a corporation, has right to all property in said trust and authorized to function, as an 
Sheik of the M.S.T. of A. and given the right to propagate the faith of Alli in America; 
That, Moorish Science Temple of America Branch Temple No.43 is a lawfully chartered organization and 
has been functioning in the County of Los Angeles and state of California since 2012, Secretary of State of 
California has been duly noticed to this fact as of June 5th 2015, PS From 3811 # 7015 0640 0000 2664 0443 
in due form of a good faith letter and Articles of Incorporation pursuant to 805 LCS 110/46a-46k ch.36, but 
not limited to. In connection with our hopes aims, rules and articles of religion, I deem it proper to simit to 
you a brief statement in good faith of our organization without prejudice and without recourse, covering its 
rise and progress, our mission and status, which I hope will be satisfactory to you. I also hope it will be the 
means of causing you at all times to adhere to the principles of Love, Truth, Peace, Freedom and Justice in 
your relations with mankind in general. 
That, I further, most anxiously hope this brief statement of facts will help you to more clearly see our duty 
and wisdom that we as a religious political community uphold at all times, those fundamental principles 
which are desired for our civilization and posterity, such as obedience to law, respect and loyalty to 
government, tolerance and unity. Therefore  Affiant and Members of the said Branch Temple hereinafter 
‘We/we’; we  have no affiliation what so-ever with any kind of combative, belligerent or terrorist groups 
domestic or foreign, we are non-combative, non-belligerent, we are neutral also we have no affiliation with 
any kind of sovereign citizen, group(s) but not limited to; 
We organized as The Moorish Temple of Science in the year of 1925, and where legally incorporated 
as a civic organization under the laws of the state of Illinois, November 29th 1926. The name Moorish Temple 
of Science changed to the Moorish Science Temple of America, May 1928, in accordance with the legal 
requirements of the Secretary of state of Illinois. The RCA (Religious Corporation Act of 1871) provides that 
“[a]ny church, congregation or society formed for the purpose of religious worship, may become incorporated” 
in the manner specified in the Act 805 ILCS 110/35, Ch. 32 and their subordinate bodies may become 
incorporated in like manner under the head organization 805 ILCS 110/46a-46k Ch. 36; supra said Branch 
Temple No. 43 became incorporated in like manner in 2014. Some states and attorneys are simply not aware 
that the RCA is a legal alternative to the NFPCA. 
That, our Divine and National Movement stands for the specific grand principles of Love, Truth, Peace, 
Freedom and Justice. A national organization with a Rotarian complexion as it relates to districts branch 
temples in different sections of the country. The work of the Moorish Science Temple of America is largely 
religious, inspired by the lofty teachings of the Koran, we have it as the revealed word of God Allah. We 
shall foster the principles of its teachings among our members. 
PAGE 15 
That, our mission, position and status has been clearly defined by our Founder and Prophet Noble Drew Ali 
his “A DIVINE WARNING BY THE PROPHET FOR THE NATIONS FRIDAY NOVEMBER 30, 1928” 
is hereby incorporated in this affidavit as “Exhibit A” 
That, NOTICE TO THE PRINCIPLE(s) IS NOTICE TO THE AGENT(s)- NOTICE TO THE AGENT(s) IS 
NOTICE TO THE PRINCIPLE(s) to the above, attachments, as well as below and From All Communication 
Elsewhere; as Vestryman and  Public Minister State ex rel, private policy is that I et alia stay in honor to the 
Divine Lex and the lex-nonscripta of our religious society here in the great state of California Republic and 
foreign jurisdictions, therefore notice to our religious articles are as such: the Moorish Science Temple of 
America and its Branch Temple No. 43  and its Association(s) for services  also its university ‘Noble Drew 
Ali University of Science & Philosophy ©’ in the County of Los Angeles, California nation; service as but 
not limited to, to focus on improving, and improve the spiritual resilience the social and economic, pliability 
of fallen humanity to educate the importance of ecological resilience of agriculture and aquaculture, for food 
security and holistic medicine security, energy security for sustainable developments for current and future 
generations populating metropolitans; to establish innovative policies on Aboriginal green economies in the 
context of sustainable development and poverty eradication at all levels; Our missionary purpose is global in 
scope, uplifting fallen humanity and introducing sustainable intensification of aquaculture, agriculture 
productivity, in metropolitans throughout the Americas; to increase efficiencies of Aboriginal resources 
( spiritual/natural/human/financial.) Our aim and  purpose also is to be the paradigmatic shift to more efficient 
“Life Securities” through our  ecosystem services for Aboriginals, and free National in the 21st century, Such 
as: Provisioning Services, Disaster Services, Regulating Services, Cultural Services, Supportive Services, 
Financing Services that develop cultural heritage and the development of a “New American Renaissance”© 
in sciences; that holds all activities of Minister and Presiding Officer BRO. C. JONES BEY and Officers also 
founder(s) of Associations including Aboriginal Services of all Morally lawful kinds for all subsidiaries and 
DBA(s) (doing business as) entities of Moorish Science Temple of America Branch Temple No. 43. 
Educational Aspects:  will serve to educate fallen humanity and citizens and foreign sympathizers, 
international jurisdictions and interested parties also disadvantaged minorities and Stakeholders in its 
religious activities i.e., scientific, political, social, educational, and economic. Reintroducing the 
fundamentals of ethics, morals and values through an Aboriginal Educational System & Institutions that 
lead to communities with integrity. 
That, *Pursuant to  61/295 United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples Article 33,  
*Pursuant to  Moslem law: Holy Koran of the Moorish Science  Temple of America Ch. 45: 5 , Moorish 
Americans have and can establish lawful forms of updated Identification,  from the current one establish by 
said Founder of our religious society, as those Identifications were establish in the early 1900’s we have 
established an up to date generic form and identity code for said nationality and identification cards 
for the Moorish Science Temple of America Branch Temple No. 43 for Members Identification, (this 
PAGE 16 
part about ID was done in 2014 this is no longer needed it was never needed, identification is taken 
care of through Act 6 of the DCBy-Laws of the MSTA ) in the state of California and foreign 
jurisdictions until further upgrades; the generic Identification and code  are herein incorporated 
within our district as it is by right and necessity that we established such upgraded identification due 
to the fact that Moorish Americans have the same Olive hue as persons marked as Negro, Black, Colored 
People, African American, Latino and these descriptions of classed persons goes against our religious and 
national principles to call ourselves or be called or be identified in any way shape form or fashion as such, 
this would be paramount to one forcing such a class on Members of said Temple causing damage and injury, 
i.e., slander, conspiracy to commit fraud,  forcefully taking away ones nationality and political rights but not 
limited to; therefore it is a must that we establish such identification as styled in “Exhibit B”; being a 
full description of said identification and code meaning. 
That, the Code of Civility- Moorish Science Temple of America Branch Temple No. 43, its representatives, 
and all aboriginal business Associations and (DBA) under its jurisdiction shall conduct all business in a civil, 
professional, moral, ethical and respectful manner. Nothing in this Affidavit may be interpreted as implying 
for any State, people, group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act contrary to or 
construed as authorizing or encouraging any action which would dismember or impair, totally or in part, the 
territorial integrity or political unity of sovereign and independent States. 
YOU ARE HERBY INSTRUCTED AND AUTHORIZED TO: Correct or make the record reflect in your 
State, county and city  Registry to reflect the status of our organization as a lawful body politic and operating 
in the boundaries of law and the Members are Moorish Americans and Members of said Branch Temple will 
be identified by Members Nationality and Identification Card referred to in “Exhibit B” to all subordinate 
bodies and departments of the state and municipal governments of the state; also that said Moorish Americans  
domicile is said religious society, Chicago, Illinois U.S.A. and Members of said Branch Temple are residents 
of the district  Moorish Science Temple of America Branch Temple No. 43  Los Angeles County, California 
Republic U.S.A. AND ARE NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH NEGROS, i.e.,  PERSONS, BLACKS, 
AFRICAN AMERICANS, LATINOS, Etc. send confirmation of Affidavit to the undersigned at the above 
listed address; 
You have seventy-two (72) hours from the date of postmarked of this notice to repudiate and/or otherwise 
reject the facts and instructions as above-listed, under penalty of perjury, otherwise your silence shall be 
deemed as acceptance of the terms and conditions as stated herein and shall be deemed a waiver and 
exhaustion of your Administrative Process as per the Administrative Procedures Act. 
*Pursuant to the Declaration of Indigenous Rights enacted by the Organization of American States which 
the United States and all its Departments are subject to All Articles Incorporated 
PAGE 17 
 
PAGE 18 
*Pursuant to the United Nations Declaration of the Rights of Indigenous People UN 61/195 All Articles 
incorporated 
*Pursuant to UN60/147 Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Remedy and Reparation for 
Victims of Gross Violations of International Human Rights Laws and Serious Violations of International 
Humanitarian Law 
*Pursuant to the Constitution for the United States of America 
*Pursuant to United States Code Title 18 Section 112 Protections of Internationally Protected Persons 
*Pursuant to United States Code Title 18 Section 241 Conspiracy against Rights & 242 Deprivation of 
Rights under Color of Authority, 
*Pursuant to 1928 Convention on Maritime Neutrality, 135 L.N.T.S. 187 adopted January 21st 1931, 
*Pursuant to Social Charters of Americas adopted June 4th 2012  
I Bro. C. JONES BEY am of the age of maturity to make this affidavit and the facts herein 
I Bro. C. JONES BEY am mentally competent to make this Official Affidavit of Facts for the Record 
I Bro. C. JONES BEY have personal knowledge of the facts in this affidavit 
This affidavit is made under penalties of perjury and stands as Certification of the lawful operation of said 
society and notice as a matter of law and fact 
“I Bro. C. JONES BEY Further Sayeth Naught, executed under penalty of perjury under the laws of Moorish Science Temple of America and the 
National Republic of the United States of America without [the] “UNITED STATES” 28 U.S.C.1746 at Los Angeles County, California Republic, that 
the forgoing is true and correct to the best of my knowledge” 
 
/s/________________________________________________________________________ without prejudice 
 for and on Behalf of Moorish Science Temple of America Branch Temple No. 43 
[Made Pursuant to Declaration of Rights Indigenous People, UN res. 60/147 Human Rights Law, Article 31 Sec. 1, Hague 
Convention, & Titles 28 USCA Section 1746, the provisions of 1:10, 1:  4:2:  6:2: 7: 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10,: of the U. S. Constitution, the 
Supreme Law of the Land, 86 League of Nations Treaty “Bustamante Code” Title I Ch. I ART. 17, 18; Title II ART. 105-113, Ch. II 
ART. 114-117] NOTE: THIS PART WAS OVER KILL… LOL 
 
                                                                                           Stamp Duty Paid Per 
Section 101, Schedule B; 
Excise Tax Act of July 1, 1862 
  
State of California  ) 
County of Los Angeles ) ss. 
 
Subscribed and sworn to before me on this ____ day of ________________, by ______________________who proved to me on the 
basis of satisfactory evidence to be the person(s) who appeared before me. 
 
By: ____________________________________Notary Public 
 
 
Notary Seal>>>  
 
 
PAGE 19 
 
 
A question for the studious student: Why did E. Mealy El use “bill” in his affidavit? 
 
       
 
                                                                       Can you get the above win? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“There is no one who is able to change man from the descendant nature of his forefathers unless his 
power extends beyond the great universal Creator Allah Himself.” HKMSTA Ch. XLVII: 11 
Originally demonstrated by: Ernest S. Walker-Bey PM, edited & commentary by: Bro. C. Jones Bey GS 
Chapter I 
Moorish 
The eptomology of the term Moor has the ancient root MR [vowels are interchangeable the root of a word 
is its continents  ] found in Mauraysh (Moorish) also known as TaMaRian or MaRu and aMaRuKa i.e. the old 
Moorish language of what has come to be known as Egyptian, or Hebrew. 
The scholarship word know as Kemet that has come down to mean black land or Black people land 
is not the true and divine name for ancient Egypt. The ancient hieroglyphic clearly shows that the proper 
term is Ta’MooRi or Ta’MoRi/TaMaRe; MR or Pa-ta-Mera: meaning the ancient land of Egypt11. TaMare, 
land of the Moor is the hidden and true Nationality of the real ancient Egyptians. The word KeMiT is a 
geographical name where the praiseworthy black dirt settled. The root word M-R [an abbreviation for 
Mister, Master, Moor,] comes from the old Moorish language or letters [O.M.L.] …  
Commentary: {A point of authority needs to be addressed before we continue with Bro. Walker
Bey’s academic discourse. MR has a deeper meaning in relationship to Moorish Americans title’s Bey and 
El. M-R as we are gathering from the supra means Moor and vowels are interchangeable creating 
variations in eptomology of Moor such as MR also means Master, Mister, Marcus is actually Moor or 
Moreish etc. Let us look at the synonym of MR/Moor “Master”. Master is equal to Lord, Lord and Master, 
Sovereign, and Ruler. Eptomology of Lords, root meaning in most biblical dictionaries is ‘Baal’. Baal is an 
ancient Canaanite God sometimes referred to as the ‘Storm God’ knowns as Ra, ASR/Osiris, and Murdock 
among other lands. Now Baal is in fact Bey; [Ba’al] is in reality [Ba El], meaning Son of El the [al] was 
drooped but can also be expressed as [IL], or [El]. [Ba’] was transliterated into [Bæ] in old English; [Bæ] 
went into Middle English transliterated into [Bey]. [BaBa] anciently means Father and [Ba] means Son, 
11 See E.A. Willis Budge “An Egyptian Hieroglyphic Dictionary vol. 
1.p.315 & vol. 2 p. 1050 
PAGE 20 
also Babe (Son); [Ba] is where we get [Ra] Son/Sun God. Pronounced [Baaa]- Ra, also Rey. Bey (root B-Y) 
or Bai, meaning Noble Priest or Priest King. When the Moroccan Empire ruled the World (also known 
anciently as Egypt, the Capitol Empire of the Dominion of Africa) all Bailiff were Bey-liffs. The term Bey 
became Bay and Bai 12, Obey. Also, using the Hammer to pound in the truth; recent archaeological, 
biblical, and extra biblical research has led scholars working in the area of the origins of Israelite religion 
to assert rather boldly and confidently that the original god of Israel was in fact the Canaanite deity El. 
The name Israel is not a Yahwistic name. El is the name of the deity invoked in the name Israel, 
which translates: “May El persevere.” This suggests that El was seen as the chief god in the formative 
years of Israel’s religious practices. In fact, the etiological story explaining the origin of the name Israel 
occurs in Genesis 35:9-15, where Jacob obtains this name through the blessing of El Shaddai, which is “El 
of the Mountain.” 
Second, there exist numerous parallels and similarities between descriptions and cultural 
terminology used for El in the Canaanite texts and those used for Yahweh in the biblical sources (see 
below). At some point, it is ascertained, the cultural worship of Yahweh must have absorbed that of El, 
through which means Yahweh assimilated both the imagery and epithets once used of El. 
Finally, there is strong confirmation of this assimilation in the biblical record itself. In the oldest 
literary traditions of the Pentateuch, it is El who regularly appears and not Yahweh, or Yahweh as El! The 
patriarchal narratives identify El as the deity to whom many of the early patriarchal shrines and altars 
were built. For example, we are informed in Genesis 33:20 that Jacob builds an altar in the old cutural  
center of the north, Shechem, and dedicates it to “El, god of Israel” (’el ’elohe yišra’el ). There is no 
ambiguity in the Hebrew here: ’el must be translated as a proper name, El. The textual tradition from 
which this text derives, the Elohist, ultimately remembers a time when El was the patron god of Israel. 
That El was the deity worshiped at Shechem is also attested in Judges 9:46, which speaks of the 
shrine of “El of the covenant.” The god of the shrine at Bethel, which literally translates, “house of El,” is 
additionally El—”I am El of Bethel” (Gen 31:13; cf. 35:7)—and appears to Jacob as El Shaddai (35:11; cf. 
48:3). Jacob has another encounter with El at Penuel, which is so named because Jacob sees El face-to
face (32:31). Moreover, Isaac blesses Jacob through El Shaddai (28:3), and likewise Jacob blesses Joseph 
“by El of your fathers” (49:25). “El who sees” is given as the etymology of Beerlahai-roi in Genesis 16:13. 
And we are informed that Abraham journeys to the old cultural shrine at Beersheba, where he plants and 
worships a tree and calls on the name “El the eternal” and at the same time Yahweh (Gen 21:33). Contrary 
to Genesis 33:20, where the Shechemite El is presented unambiguously as the “god of Israel,” in Genesis 
12 See E.H.D., vol. I, p. 202 and S.O.E.D., P. 137, SB2, SB3. 
PAGE 21 
21:33, El is apparently already assimilated to Yahweh (see below). Finally, Genesis 14:18-22 speaks of “El 
the most high,” of whom the Canaanite Melchizedek is priest at Jerusalem. 
This assimilation between Yahweh and El, or El into Yahweh, is present in much of the Priestly 
material as well. In fact, the Priestly source largely advocates this assimilation. In Genesis 17:1, the 
Priestly writer states that “Yahweh appeared to Abram and said to him: ‘I am El Shaddai.’” And Exodus 
6:2-3, in contradiction to J (#11), has Yahweh assert: “I am Yahweh. And I appeared to Abraham, to Isaac, 
and to Jacob as El Shaddai, and I was not known to them by the name Yahweh.” Although the verse 
suggests an identification between Yahweh and El “of the mountain,” the verse also subtly recognizes an 
ancient distinction between the god of the patriarchs (El) and the god of the Mosaic era (Yahweh). 
Perhaps it is necessary at this point to ask: Who was El? And why is he even mentioned in the Bible in the 
first place, let alone as the god of Israel in the older literary traditions of Genesis? 
Our knowledge of El predominantly comes from The Holy Koran of the Moorish Science Temple 
of America, Divinely prepared by the Noble Prophet Drew Ali. Also, there is an  invaluable corpus of tablets  
discovered of our ancient Moorish forefathers in 1929, the year the Holy Prophet ascended out of flesh, 
they found  in the ancient city of Ugarit, a major city-state of the second millennium BC located on the 
northern coast of Syria, modern day Ras Shamra, the Ugaritic tablets they are the best available witness 
to Canaanite religion and religious practices (today known as, The Old time religion [Islamism]13), and “to 
the background from which the religion of Israel emerged, and to the Canaanite beliefs that it shared, 
adopted, compromised with, and sometimes rejected.” The Ugaritic literature depicts El as the sovereign 
deity of the Canaanite pantheon. He is frequently referred to as “Father of the gods,” “the eternal King,” 
and “Creator of all living beings.” El’s other epithets include: “El the Kind, the Compassionate,” “the Bull,” 
“the Ageless One,” and “the Father of Years.” He is depicted as bearded, and residing in a tent or a 
tabernacle, whose throne rests on Cherubim. He is the god of blessings and of covenants. 
Many of these epithets and images later become assimilated to Yahweh. For example, Yahweh 
is often depicted as bearded, as King of the gods, as Compassionate, and as residing in a tent, whose 
throne, like that of El, rests on Cherubim. There are, in addition to this, numerous El epithets in various 
strains of biblical tradition—epithets that through a process of assimilation and adoption later become 
associated with Yahweh. We have already encountered El Shaddai, “El of the Mountain.” Like Yahweh 
who is associated with the mountain of Sinai and later in eschatological traditions with Zion, so too El 
resides on a mountain. Other patriarchal narratives attest the use of El Olam, “El the Eternal” to whom 
13 Article from the Moorish Guide national edition 1928 “Islam is a very simple faith. It requires man to recognize his duties towards God Allah, his 
Creator and his fellow creatures. It teaches the supreme duty of living at peace with ones surrounding. It is preeminently the religion of peace…” 
PAGE 22 
Abraham plants and worships a tree at Beersheba, El Elyon, “El the Most High,” the god of Melchizedek 
(Gen 14:18-24), and El Roi [Rey], “El who sees” (Gen 16:13). 
These various El epithets are associated with different shrines: El Shaddai with Bethel, El the 
Most High, the creator of the heavens and the earth, with Jerusalem, El the Eternal with Beersheba, El 
who sees with Beerlahai-roi, and El the god of Israel with Shechem. Many of these shrines and altars to 
El were established by the patriarchs themselves (e.g., Gen 21:33, 28:18, 33:20, 35:14). It has also been 
suggested that the name Yahweh might have originally been a cultural epithet of El! The etymology of 
Yahweh, yhwh, is still unclear, but one proposal is to see it as the causative imperfect of the Canaanite
Proto-Hebrew verb hwy, “to be.” 
It is probable therefore, as many commentators have contended, that the early Israelites actually 
worshiped El through his epithet ‘Yahweh.’ This process of assimilation is usually presented the other way 
around in the biblical literature: Yahweh is worshiped through the epithets of El: Shaddai, Olam, and 
Elyon. 
Contrary to these biblical traditions that suggest an assimilation between Yahweh and El, there 
are other passages that seem to indicate that Yahweh was a separate and independent deity within El’s 
council. Deuteronomy 32:8-9 is one of those rare biblical passages that seemingly preserves a vestige of 
an earlier period in proto-Israelite religion where El and Yahweh were still depicted as separate deities: 
Yahweh was merely one of the gods of El’s council! This tradition undeniably comes from older Canaanite 
lore. 
When the Most High (’elyôn) gave to the nations their inheritance, when he separated humanity, 
he fixed the boundaries of the peoples according to the number of divine beings. For Yahweh’s portion is 
his people, Jacob (Ya’cub) his allotted heritage. 
There are two points to take away from this passage. First, the passage presents an apparently 
older mythic theme that describes when the divine beings, that is each deity in the divine counsel, were 
assigned and allotted their own nation. Israel was the nation that Yahweh received. Second, Yahweh 
received his divine portion, Israel [is-ra-el or Isis Ra El], through an action initiated by the god El, here 
identifiable through his epithet “the Most High.” In other words, the passage depicts two gods: one, the 
Most High (El), is seen as assigning nations to the divine beings or gods (the Hebrew word is elohim, plural 
“gods”) in his council; the other, Yahweh, is depicted as receiving from the first god, the Most High, his 
particular allotment, namely the people of Israel. Similarly, in another older tradition now preserved in 
Numbers 21:29, the god Chemosh is assigned to the people of Moab. 
PAGE 23 
Other biblical passages reaffirm this archaic view of Yahweh as a god in El’s council. Psalm 82:1 
speaks of the “assembly of El,” Psalm 29:1 enjoins “the sons of El” to worship Yahweh, and Psalm 89:6-7 
lists Yahweh among El’s divine council. 
Thus there seems to be ample evidence in the biblical record to support the claim that as Yahweh 
become the supreme national deity of the Israelites, he began to usurp the imagery, epithets, and old 
cultural centers of the god El. This process of assimilation even morphed the linguistic meaning of the 
name El, which later came to mean simply “god,” so that Yahweh was then directly identified as ’el—thus 
Joshua 22:22: “the god of gods is Yahweh” (’el ’elohim yhwh). 
Noteworthy also is the fact that unlike the god Baal [Ba’ El or Bey], there is no polemic in the 
Bible against El, and all the old cultural centers of El, those in Jerusalem, Shechem, and Beersheba, were 
later accredited to Yahweh. Since the large majority of patriarchal narratives that speak of shrines and 
altars to El are found in the northern kingdom, such as Bethel and Shechem, and, on the other hand, many 
biblical texts seem to accredit Yahweh’s origin to the southern Negeb, the current scholarly hypothesis is 
that the worship of El in the north and of Yahweh in the south eventually merged. 14 Dang did we just get 
all that from the root MR, lol wow!  }  
In “Ancient History of the Distinguished Surnames Bey”, by The Historical Research Society in 
Orlando FL, state’s that “These (Bey’s) pioneers became the nucleus of the first parts of 
Mexico…archaeological pieces representing Negro or Negroid (Moor) people have been found, especially 
in archaic or pre-classic sites.”  “How old is the Moorish Flag?  An. It’s over 10,000 years old”.15 In this regard 
the testimony of Nicolas Leon proves on how ancient the Moorish/Moabites presence was in America. In 
fact, he says Black people (Moorish people) were the original people of Mexico…the memories of them in 
the most ancient traditions induce us to believe that the Negro (Moors) were the first inhabitants of Mexico.” 
16 Colonel A. Barghine says that he saw in a collection in Ecuador a statuette of a Negro (Ancient Moabite) 
that is at least 20,000 years old.17 
Commentary: Notice the title Bey and its close relationship with Rey meaning King in Spanish. 
Also El Rey means The King… looking at it through its eptomology El Rey means God King or Priest King 
also Bæ El {Bey} or the Son of El. El=The/Thee,  which=Theo or Theos/Deos meaning GOD. God is El 
another name El was known as, is Ea, were we get Ea-rth from, also Gen-Ea-logy meaning the gens of Ea. 
[Question: where was the first part of physical man formed?] [The race of Ea/El, our ancient Canaanite 
14 The Names of God A.R. Millard & D.J. Wiseman, eds., Essays on the Patriarchal Narratives. Leicester: IVP, 1980. Hbk. ISBN: 0851117430. pp.157-188 
15 see: Questions for Moorish Americas published 1928 
16 see Historia-General De Mexico, Mexico 1919 
17 See The show of Atlantis, pp 40-43, N.Y., 1940 
PAGE 24 
forefather] he is known as Enki also. His symbol was the serpent. The plumed serpent in South America 
and Mexico, the dragon in the Fareast, The Nagus [Magus] in India. The caduceus is his symbol in Egypt 
representing the DNA. 
Chapter II 
We the People… The phrase “We the people” of the United States is far older than the 
Preamble Clause. In pre-historic America (before the pale face Europeans) a people of Moorish decent 
called Lenape or the people and Lenni Lenape which translates to Grandfather, the Old Ones, Original 
People (Aboriginal, Nationals) and We the people. The Lenape are now called Delaware Indians, but they 
never called themselves that. All other so-called Native Americans referred to the Lenape as the very 
ancient ones with magic [naticoke]. William Penn by his own account written in his own hand said, “The 
natives…they are generally tall, straight, well built, singular proportioned , they tread strong and clever, and 
mostly walk with lofty chin; of complexion Black but by design, (meaning their hue not political as the term 
negro) as the Gypies18 in England…” And in 1861 the Indians of New England, or Moors as they were also 
18 Gypsy is a word of art term for Egyptian Moors, see 
Egyptian in Black’s Law Dictionary 4th ed., p 606 NOTE: This statement made by Penn seen through reason that the British Gypises of 1861 were quite 
dark olive hued… to say, that those Indians were themselves “ as black as gypies of 1861 were distinctly Black-a-Moors”. 
PAGE 25 
 
PAGE 26 
called by settlers, were pronounced by William Penn to be as black as gypsies. 19 The aristocracy (Royal 
Nobility) of the earlier inhabitants of North America (the great North West,) were described as Indians and 
Moors by the settlers are designated as Emperors, Kings and Dukes (Bey’s and El’s) by the writers of the 
sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. The Lenni Lenape, i.e., We the people, also known as the Woodland 
Culture, Mound Builders, however there national name was Moroccan. The Moroccan Empire of the United 
States was a Union of three Confederacies: 1. Algonquian, 2. Iroquoian and 3. Siouan; linguistic groups with 
13 zones, 16 national states and numerous tribal-city areas and villages. The Moorish/Moroccan ancient 
Moabite Empire domain was North West Africa (Amexem true and divine name of Africa20) also known as 
North America north as far as Canada (Canna), South Western shores of Africa or South to the Gulf of 
Mexico, east to the Atlantic Ocean and west to the Ohio Valley, and law and order was maintained by their 
supreme Law of the land aka the Great Law of Peace [Islam] anciently called in the Americas as Gayan-asha
Gowa their symbol was  The Pine Tree on a white field it was the national symbol of kingdom/states of the 
confederacies known today as the Penacook. 
 
First Flag of New England 
1686-1707 
 
 
Second Flag of New England 
1707-1775 
The New England Flag and Ensign 
The history of the Pine Tree as a symbol of New England 
predates the European colonial settlements. In eastern 
Massachusetts, southern New Hampshire and the southern 
corner of Maine, there lived a nomadic tribe of Native 
Americans (moors) known as the Penacook. "Penacook" is an 
Algonquin word meaning "Children of the Pine Tree." The 
Penacook people have been credited with teaching the Pilgrims 
of Plymouth Colony much needed survival skills when the 
colonists were starving to death during the winter of 1621-22 
                                                                    
19 William Penn’s 1683 account of the Delaware-Indians. 
20 RE: HKMSTA Ch. XLVII:3 
These flags were subject to the cherry tree The Moorish Flag the all red flag with the five pointed star in the 
center which is over 10,000 years old here in the Americas.  The leaders of the United peoples of America 
was the Mohawks which derived from MoR hawks; commentary: we can see this in the term Mo’, Mo’s 
eptomology is derived from Moor or Moorish: hawk representing ‘Hours’ or Adept ones.[Mo’] more (adj.) 
“Old English mara "greater, more, stronger, mightier," used as a comparative of micel "great" (see 
mickle), from Proto-Germanic *maizon- (source also of Old Saxon mera, Old Norse meiri, Old Frisian mara, 
Middle Dutch mere, Old High German mero, German mehr), from PIE *meis- (source also of Avestan mazja 
"greater," Old Irish mor "great," [Moor/Moorish], Welsh mawr "great," Greek -moros "great," Oscan 
mais "more"), from root *me- (3) "big." Sometimes used as an adverb in Old English ("in addition"), but 
Old English generally used related ma "more" as adverb and noun. This became Middle English mo, but 
more in this sense began to predominate in later Middle English.”
21    
The Moroccan Empire strayed away from the Great Law of Peace (Islam)22, warred amongst 
themselves, at the behest of their British Denizens (Black Nobility) kin, reinstituted Slavery of the Caucasian 
people (Irish, etc.) and adopted Christianity, by 1677 A.D. . . . The Moorish Empire was forced into a treaty 
as “Liege Subjects” 
commentary:  [liege (adj.) c. 1300, of lords, "entitled to feudal allegiance and service," 
from Anglo-French lige (late 13c.), Old French lige "liege-lord," From late 14c. Of vassals, "bound to render 
feudal allegiance and service." The dual sense of the adjective reflects the reciprocal relationship it 
describes: protection in exchange for service. Hence, liege-man "a vassal sworn to the service and support 
of a lord, who in turn is obliged to protect him" (mid-14c.).  Liege (n.) late 14c., "vassal of a feudal lord," 
also "a feudal sovereign, a liege-lord," probably from liege (adj.)) or from a noun use of the adjective in 
Old French or Anglo-French. A fully reciprocal relationship, so the adjective could apply to either party. 
Old French distinguished them as lige seignur "liege-lord" and home lige "liege-man."]
With Lord Charles II, which by 1729-1774, the Moroccan Empire was compromised and the fall of 
man was in full swing.
23 However by July 1776 the resurrected Moroccan Moors pronounced to the World 
the Authentic “A Declaration” by the representatives of the United States of America, in General Congress 
Assembled [for further information on free Moors people in pre-Columbian America, see “Strangers In 
Their Mist”, S. & R. McLeRoy and “The Melungeons, Bret & Robyn Kennedy”]. The later 1700’s to the mid 
1800’s saw the demise of the Aboriginal Moors of North America’s Lenape Moroccan Empire that set in 
motion the conditions, which would eventually lead to the establishment of the United States of America 
in the Family of Nations, and the Republican form government [Art. 4 sec. 4 Constitution of the United 
21 etymonline.com 
22 HKMSTA: Ch.XLVII:17 “…the nationality of the Moors was taken away from them in 1774 and the words negro, black and colored were given to the 
Asiatics of America who were of Moorish decent, because they honored not the principles of their mother and father, and strayed after the gods of 
Europe whom they knew nothing of.” 
23 See, e.g., Virginia Colonial Records 1677 Treaty, Between Virginia and the Indians. 
PAGE 27 
states of America] of nation-state governments. From the forced Virginia Treaty of 1677 to the 1772, 
Watauga or Washington Constitution of North Carolina in 1772, the now Black-a-Moors lost Self-Autonomy 
to their British Moreiscos Mulatto kinsmen. Moroccan Empire formally controlled virtually the entire world. 
However, for our concerns there are three major dominions vital to the people of the United States i.e.  
1. 
The Moroccan  
2. 
The British and 
3. 
The Ottoman Empire. 
The Moroccan Empire of the United states terminated officially in 1776-77 and by 1779 the Moors 
were enslaved until 1886, their nationality was officially taken away in 1774 and they were labeled Negros, 
black, and colored by slave holders in 1779. [# 85: Name some of the marks that were put upon the MOORS 
of Northwest by the Europeans nations in 1774? AN:  Negro, Black, Colored and Ethiopian]
24
In an article entitled “Secret Societies in the Americas” (see ill.#3) it states “Ancient Masonic 
Lodges have been discovered among the American Indians…what he called an ancient Indian masonic Lodge 
as an Anasazi Indian archeological site … eighty percent identical to Masonic Lodges in America now. In the 
ancient lodge… there were fifty rock and clay tablets, which he dates 1000 and 1200 AD., written in what 
appears to be Arabic… Even the same name America may be the product of ancient America society. In an 
1895 edition of a magazine called Lucifer, published the occult; … the word America… He said that the 
Supreme God of the Mayan culture of Central America, Known as Quetalcoatl elsewhere, was known in 
Peru as Amaru, Amaru’s territory was known as Amaruca…”   
From the above quote so far in this chapter, and from what you’ve surmised from chapter I; 
what would be the eptomology of America in its relationship with Moor? Write out your answer as best 
you can and be prepared to present your answer. 
Note: 
Africa’s [Moorish] Lost Tribe in Mexico 
this is an assignment 
Commentary: [The existence of Afro-Mexicans (another word of art there is no such people as Afro, 
that’s A HAIR STYLE) was officially affirmed in the 1990s when the Mexican government acknowledged 
Africa as Mexico’s “third root”. But Mexico’s real history shows the African presence in the country going 
back thousands of years. Last year, a bilingual exhibition, The African (Moorish) Presence in México: Yanga 
to the Present, was mounted by the Oakland Museum and the DuSable-[Morise] Museum on both sides of 
the Mexican border – in the US and Mexico itself. It traced how Africans – fewer than 2% of colonial Mexico’s 
(1521-1810) population – significantly enriched Mexican culture through their art, music, language, cuisine, 
24 Koran questions for Moorish Americans 
PAGE 28 
and dance. The African Presence in México invited Mexican-Americans and African-Americans (Moorish 
Americans) to look at their identities in light of their shared histories in Mexico and the United States. The 
Spanish first brought Africans to Mexico in 1519(Moors have been on this continent for 10,000 years) to 
work in the agrarian and silver industries, under often brutal conditions. There were constant slave protests 
and runaways (cimarrónes) who established settlements in the mountains of Orizaba. In January 1609, 
Gasper Yanga, a runaway slave elder, led the cimarrónes (or maroons) to a successful resistance against a 
special army sent by the Spanish Crown to crush their uprising.After several cimarrón victories, the Spanish 
acquiesced to the slaves’ demand for land and freedom. Yanga founded the first free African township in 
the Americas, San Lorenzo de los Negros, near Veracruz. It was renamed in his honour in the 1930s. Slavery 
in Mexico was abolished in 1810 by Jose María Morelos y Pavón, leader of the Mexican War of Independence. 
As a mulatto (Spanish and African), Morelos (meaning Moor) was directly affected by Mexico’s prejudices. 
Racial mixes were seen as undesirable by a society that aspired to purity of race and blood.25
. 
Some authorities believe certain Indians to be of Hebrew (ancient Moabite) origins. They base this belief on 
the fact that the Indians were a very religious people. Also saying the Indians tribes had Old Testament 
legends. They worship One Great Spirit and never idols. 
Their name of their God was ALH or ALA, (Allah) or EL-ha, the Hebrew name for God… their form of 
government was also similar. There are similarities of language … Nahoolla and Unehka, meaning: pale 
(Blake or Black) people or impure animals (Goyhm). These class descriptions describing Europeans as 
unclean animals is an important in the connecting of the European slaves, the “Wight’s or things, to debase 
them, so as to enslave them. (What goes around comes around… “Through sin and disobedience, every 
nation has suffered slavery due to the fact that they honored not the creed and principles of their forefathers.” 
HKMSTA: XLVII: 16.)  
Note on the: “Wight’s”; The "Barbary States Of America" represent the 28th and 29th degrees of 
North latitude, occupying nearly the same parallels as Several States of The Union. Stretching over 700,000 
miles, from the Atlantic to the Rio Grande. This made Virginia, The Carolinas, Mississippi, & Texas, the 
American equivalent to Marocco, Tunis, Tripolitania, and Algeirs. The "Wall of The Barbarian World" was 
also the primary seat of christian slavery, at the slave pits at Salle, Marocco.' The Parallel of 36 degrees by 
30 North Latitude, is also the ley line called the 'Missouri Compromise.'  This meant that the wall of Christian 
Slavery ended west of the Mississippi River. The Moors of Al Maurikanuus (Africa) were the first to 
circumnavigate the world, and erect their kingdoms, along energetic ley lines. This Treatise delves into The 
Barbary Powers and their control over the North western and South Eastern lands of America, and how they 
25 Afro History Afro Mexican Roots  
by Dale Richardson, Ph.D. 
ON DECEMBER 14, 2015 
PAGE 29 
were able to erect the perpetual government, while balancing the enterprise of "Wight Christian slavery; 
slavery of Wights led to the enslavement of Moors/ Turks in America, the first slaves aka the 'Wights of 
Europa.”26 
It is also important to note that Egypt, (Ta’mer-ræ) Atlantis, and Americas predominate population 
was depicted as Copper (Coffee) Complexioned and not really ‘Red’ as the Modern Indians or Native 
Americans is commonly depicted. At this time the term “Indian” should be closely looked at. The term Indian 
is a latter Latin word coming from Hindi or Sindu, meaning dark hued and transferring from the older Latin 
word “Ethiopian”.  [DC&By-Law “Act 6 “… are not negros, colored folks, black people or Ethiopians, because 
these names were given to slaves by slave holders..."] The term Ethiopian means something divided.  Jack 
D. Forbs in his book entitled Africans and Native Americans, p.69 states, “in 1524 the people of Carolina 
coast were said to be of dark color not much unlike the Ethiopians.” The Charlotte Observer in 1690 
reported the presence of Moors and that they are the ancestors of a people erroneously called Melungeons. 
(They called President Abraham Lincoln a Melungeon)  Mr. Forbes also states on p. 64 that “When Africans 
are referred to in the Jesuit letters they are always called NEGRO DA GUINE blacks of Guinea to distinguish
them from NRGRO DA TERRA “blacks of the land America.” And on pages 67 &71 he states “… French noir
[black] and negre [black or dark person] … French More [Moor] as equivalent to Negro from Gunie.” … Thus 
26 WHITE SLAVERY 
As Shameful As Black Slavery 
The Irish in Colonial America were considered 
“Niggers Turned Inside Out” 
“Negro slavery was efficiently established in colonial America because Black slaves were governed, organized and controlled by the structures and 
organization that were first used to enslave and control Whites.  Black slaves were ‘late comers fitted into a system already developed.'” 
(Michael Hoffman, They Were White and They Were Slaves and Ulrich B. Phillips, Life and Labor in the Old South, pp. 25, 26) 
Irish Slave Facts 
The Irish slave trade began when James II sold 30,000 Irish prisoners as slaves to the New World.  His Proclamation of1625 required Irish political prisoners 
be sent overseas and sold to English settlers in the West Indies. 
By the mid-1600s, the Irish were the main slaves sold to Antigua and Montserrat (70% of the total population of Montserrat were Irish slaves at this time). 
From 1641 to 1652, over 500,000 Irish were killed by the English and over 300,000 were sold as slaves. 
Ireland’s population fell from about 1,500,000 to 600,000 in one single decade. 
During the 1650s, over 100,000 Irish children between the ages of 10 and 14 were forcibly taken from their parents and sold as slaves in the West Indies, 
Virginia and New England.  Another52, 000 Irish (mostly women and children) were sold to Barbados and Virginia while 30,000 Irish men were sold to the 
highest bidder. 
In 1656, Oliver Cromwell ordered that 2000 Irish children be taken to Jamaica and sold as slaves to English settlers. 
African slaves were very expensive (50 Sterling), had to be transported long distances and paid for not only in Africa but in the New World.  Irish slaves 
were cheap (no more than 5 Sterling) and most often were either kidnapped from Ireland, prisoners or forcibly removed.  They could be worked to death, 
whipped or branded without it being a crime.  Many, many times they were beat to death and while the death of an Irish slave was a monetary setback, 
it was far cheaper than the death of an expensive African.  Therefore, African slaves were treated much better in Colonial America. 
The importation of Irish slaves continued well into the eighteenth century, long after the importation of African slaves became the norm.  Records state 
that after the 1798 Irish Rebellion, thousands of Irish slaves were sold to both America and Australia. 
Irish slavery didn’t end until Britain decided to end slavery in 1839 and stopped transporting slaves. 
The enactment of 1652 in the British Isles: 
“it may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace within any county, city or town, corporate belonging to the commonwealth to from time to time 
by warrant cause to be apprehended, seized on and detained all and every person or persons that shall be found begging and vagrant.. in any town, 
parish or place to be conveyed into the Port of London, or unto any other port from where such person or persons may be shipped into a foreign colony 
or plantation.” 
The judges of Edinburgh Scotland during the years 1662-1665 ordered the enslavement and shipment to the colonies a large number of rogues and others 
who made life unpleasant for the British upper class. (Register for the Privy Council of Scotland, third series, vol. 1, p 181, vol. 2, p 101). 
White slaves were owned by black-a-Moors and Indians to such an extent in the South that the Virginia Assembly passed a law against the practice! 
“It is enacted that Negro (Black-a-Moor) or Indian though baptized and enjoined their own freedom shall be capable of any such purchase of Christians…” 
Christians meant Whites 
Statutes of the Virginia Assembly, Vol. 2, pp. 280-81) 
PAGE 30 
Negro is used for Indian and not for someone from Africa … In any case it is clear that many Iberians and 
Italians, whether in Europe or America were comfortable using NEGRO, NEGRL, etc., For Americans.” The 
copper complexioned Negro da terra are classified in Black’s Law Dictionary 4th and 6th edition as “Femme 
Couleur Libre” meaning free (Libre) Colored Nation (femme) or people. Black’s Law 6th edition, p. 618 
“Femme Couleur Libre up to the time of the civil War, this term applied to all persons NOT of the European 
race including Indians. Again the word Indian originally did not mean NATIVE AMERICAN, or American, the 
way it is used to day, however, it did mean ‘Ethiopian”.27  Native American are words of art (see BLK Law 
4th Ed., p.1779) idiomatic: meaning “an accepted phrase or expression having a meaning different from the 
literal”. It was the Lawyers idiomatic Latin developed by the Latimers Moors long ago in order to maintain 
absolute control over all judicial proceedings; and the administrating government continues to use this 
practice to this present day.
27 See, e.g., Indi, Cassell’s New Latin dictionary (CLD) by D.P. Simpson, 1960. P.299 
PAGE 31 
Figure 1 the above directly relates to Article VI of the Constitution of the U.S.A. 
The above ‘Marks’ ol’ George was speaking on is Money (Gold). And it’s still owed to day. That’s one 
reason why the Prophet Drew Ali said he has all the gold and silver, etc. 
PAGE 32 
Chapter III 
US Legal System History 
U.S. Law is Private Merchant Law, leaving the people as Surety and Debtor on the bankruptcy. 
Law is contract, universally and in the U.S., so we must follow the progression of contractual agreements 
which constitute the underlying U.S. Law. (We cannot address all individual laws and cases or you would 
not have time in a life to review it, even though ignorance of the millions of laws, statutes, codes, etc… is 
no excuse in Private Admiralty Jurisdictions.) 
In basically chronological order, the following progression of contracts, and our interpretation of them 
follows: 
1.    The USA, a corporation of the English Crown, is bankrupt, and has been since at least 1788.  The 
Articles of Confederation states in Article 12: “All bills of credit emitted, monies borrowed, and debts 
contracted by, or under the authority of Congress, before the assembling of the United States, in pursuance 
of the present confederation, shall be deemed as considered a charge against the United States, for 
payment and satisfaction whereof the said United States, and the public faith are hereby solemnly pledged.”  
The “Founding Fathers,” as constitutors, acknowledged and reorganized the debt in the US Constitution 
1787, Article VI, hence “constitution.”  Bankruptcy occurred on January 1, 1788 based on 21 loans that the 
United States of America received from the King of England dating from February 28, 1778 through July 5, 
1782, the repayment of which had been ratified by Congress on January 22, 1783.  The United States Bank, 
created in 1791, was a private bank, with 18,000 of 25,000 shares owned by England. 
2.    
No de jure, constitutional Congress has existed since March 27, 1861 when seven (7) Southern 
States walked out of Congress leaving Congress without a quorum for adjourning and therefore ending sine 
die.  That which is called “Congress” today assembles and acts under the authority of the President acting 
in capacity of being Commander-In-Chief of the Armed Forces, under emergency war-powers rule, i.e. “law 
of necessity,” (see 12 Stat 319, which has never been repealed and exists in Title 50 USC §§ 212, 213, 215, 
Appendix 16, 26 CFR Chapter 1 § 303.1-6(a), and 31 CFR Chapter 5 § 500.701 Penalties).  
3.    
Since the above-referenced date, March 27, 1861, Americans have been under executive rule via 
presidential executive order under the aforementioned Emergency War Powers, 12 USC 95 a, 
PAGE 33 
 
PAGE 34 
            b. Every “citizen of the United States” is now “legally” established as an “enemy” via the Amendatory 
Act of March 9, 1933, 48 Stat. 1, amending Trading with Enemy Act of October 6, 1917, H.R. 4960, Public 
Law No. 91. 
          4.    December 6th, 1865, the 14th Amendment was proclaimed as ratified (even though it never 
properly was, see below).  The 14th Amendment, (which is private Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Trust Law), 
constitutes a constructive, cestui que trust, a public charitable trust, “PCT,” that was expressly designed to 
bring every corporate franchise artificial person called a “citizen of the United States” into an inseparable 
merging with the government until the two are united (with the power inhering in the government, not the 
people).  A cestui que trust is fundamentally different from a regular trust, which is express in nature and 
consists of a contractual indenture involving three (3) parties: Grantor (Creator or Trustor {Prophet}), 
Trustee, {Sheiks} and Beneficiaries.{Members}  In an express trust,{fee-simple estate} legal ownership is 
transferred by written contract between Grantor and Trustee{Koran, Koran Questions for Moorish 
Americans, DC&By-Laws} in which the Grantor surrenders ownership of property to the legal 
person{Moorish American, Heir}, the Trust, to be managed by the Trustee on behalf of those who are to 
benefit from the arrangement, the Beneficiaries.  A cestui que trust, on the other hand, differs from an 
express trust in several crucial ways: 
            a. It is not formed by express contract, i.e. overt agreement expressed in writing, but by legal 
construction.  
            b. A cestui que trust has no Grantor, but, being a constructive trust created by operation of law, i.e., 
has only co-trustees and co‑beneficiaries.  The co-trustees are the parties with the duties for managing 
property for the “public good,” i.e. for the benefit of those designated as co‑beneficiaries. 
          5.    The Legislative Act of February 21, 1871, Forty-first Congress, Session III, Chapter 62, page 419, 
chartered a Federal company entitled “United States,” a/k/a “US Inc.,” a “Commercial Agency” originally 
designated as “Washington, D.C.,” in accordance with the so-called 14th Amendment, which the record 
indicates was never ratified (see Utah Supreme Court Cases, Dyett v Turner, (1968) 439 P2d 266, 267; State 
v Phillips, (1975) 540 P 2d 936; as well as Coleman v. Miller, 307 U.S. 448, 59 S. Ct. 972; 28 Tulane Law 
Review, 22; 11 South Carolina Law Quarterly 484; Congressional Record, June 13, 1967, pp. 15641-15646).  
A “citizen of the United States” is a civilly dead entity operating as a co-trustee and co-beneficiary of the 
PCT, the constructive, cestui que trust of US Inc. under the 14th Amendment, which upholds the debt of 
the USA and US Inc. in Section 4.  
          6.    In conformity with the above-referenced creation of United States (1871) and the 14th 
Amendment, the Legislature of each State created a limited-liability corporation, chartered in a private, 
military, international, commercial, admiralty/maritime jurisdiction, entitled “STATE OF…” e.g. “STATE OF 
 
PAGE 35 
CALIFORNIA,” as evidenced by, inter alia, the change in the seal and the creation of a new constitution, e.g. 
Constitution of the State of California (1879), concerning which, re California: 
            a.  A general partnership agreement, hereinafter “General Partnership,” exists between the 
California Republic (1849), and STATE OF CALIFORNIA (1879), with STATE OF CALIFORNIA acting as 
governmental controller. 
            b. STATE OF CALIFORNIA now acts as an agent/instrumentality of United States, collecting whole life 
insurance premiums, known as “taxes,” for the International Monetary Fund, based, inter alia, upon the 
Limited Liability Act of 1851 and the bankruptcy of United States of 1933, (see House Joint Resolution 192 
of June 5, 1933; Public Law 73-10; Perry v. U.S. (1935), 294 U.S. 330-381, 79 L Ed 912; 31 USC 5112, 5119). 
          7.    Inasmuch as all law is contract, the contract involved in a constructive trust is an implied contract.  
An implied contract can be ratified by two (2) means: 
            a. Acquiescence by silence, i.e. the “government” asserts its intentions concerning your life, rights, 
and property and you assent, don’t rebut, and compliantly go along with what they claim.  In 1871 the 
Government changed the nature of its contract with the people from law as defined by the original 
Constitution of 1787 that recognizes law (common law), admiralty (on the sea only), and equity (functioning 
by voluntary contract between all participating parties), and began relating to people as if they were 
“citizens of the Unites States” within/under the private, commercial, international, military jurisdiction of 
the new de facto corporation, i.e. US Inc.  They offered people a “new deal,” and almost everyone bought 
it (based on naïve and foolish trust and assuming that everything was OK). 
                 The people were thereby denied access to law and placed on the ship of state of US Inc. where 
the captain’s word is law and no one has any rights.  As Jefferson phrased the matter, “As government 
grows, liberty recedes.” 
            b. You expressly accept “benefits” offered by the government, and thereby finalize the contract by 
deed.  This is similar to finalizing a contract with a restaurant by sitting down at a table, reading a menu, 
and then ordering and consuming a meal.  By your deeds you affirm to the restaurant that you will pay for 
the meal in accordance with the price stated on the menu.  No written contract is signed, but a contract is 
formed nevertheless.  
          8.    By the above two (2) means people give implied assent that they are bound by an alleged contract 
with US Inc. in accordance with the terms and conditions that inhere in being treated as a “citizen of the 
United States” under the 14th Amendment, and are therefore placed into permanent legal status as a 
Debtor and Surety for U.S. Inc..  In such a position, people leave the ground of sovereignty and all capacity 
for asserting their unalienable rights in favor of being presumed as having exercised their sovereignty and 
 
PAGE 36 
free-will autonomy for the purpose of going along with the government’s assertion that they sacrifice 
everything for the “public good,” (i.e. the PCT).  By so doing people lose their standing in law, (i.e. they “die 
a civil death in the law.”)  They are placed in the legal position of mortmain (i.e. as if deceased) and are 
shorn of capacity for asserting their rights, since the presumption is that they have already exercised those 
rights for the purpose of being placed in the position they are in, i.e. property of the government with a lien 
against you and everything your life labor could ever create, including your children.  The private being (the 
real individual) is sacrificed for the good of the public (the imaginary collective). 
          9.   When people die such a civil death (i.e. Black people, African Americans, Latinos etc.) in the law 
they are like ghosts, and thereby incapable of managing their own affairs and enjoying their unalienable 
rights.  Like the estate of a decedent, they are then managed by the executors/administrators of the estate, 
in probate.  Such is the condition of every “citizen of the United States” today in law, managed by the 
government agencies acting as executors/administrators of their estates in bankruptcy, legal incapacity, 
and civil death as assets of the bankrupt US.  The US is property of the private Real Parties of Interest, the 
Creditors in bankruptcy. 
         10.  The 14th Amendment was allegedly established for the purpose of creating a citizenship for the 
liberated blacks (so-called), and other disenfranchised people, who otherwise had no citizenship because 
they could not comply with the requirements for state citizenship. (i.e. Nationality, and Divine Creed{ Also 
they have no state government which comes from  ones nation; in other words ones origins. With no state 
they are in effect stateless persons there is no one there to protect their rights as a human being, etc.)  
What actually happened was that the blacks were taken off of the Southern slave plantations and placed 
into the slave plantation of US Inc., a far worse lot.  The government then gradually absorbed everyone else 
— including state citizens — into the same condition.  
         11.  1871-1913.  Officers of the actual government held office in dual capacity, (i.e. in both USA and 
US Inc. status). 
         12.  1912.  Bonds issued by US Inc. came due but US Inc. did not have the resources for paying their 
creditors (the seven families that founded the Federal Reserve Bank), so US Inc.’s owner (the actual 
government) was required to pay the balance.  The national government was also without sufficient funds 
to meet US Inc.’s obligations, so the creditors settled for all of the assets of both US Inc. and the national 
government instead of foreclosure on and liquidation of the entire country.  By so doing, they expropriated 
the nation — both USA and US Inc.  Sic transit America. (Prophet Drew Ali Redeemed the National 
Government in 1913) 
         13.  1912.  US Inc. forms an agreement with the Federal Reserve Bank (It is important to note that both 
of these entities are private corporations which removes the general allegations of treason or fraud from 
this relationship).  Through this agreement, US Inc. must function in debt, even though they have neither 
funds nor resources for financing their operation. 
14.  1912.  The first corporate only Senators are seated in the next election year by popular vote of the 
US Inc. registered voters.  The original-jurisdiction national Senators of the States did not assume office that 
year and at least one third of the nation’s Senators seats were lawfully and voluntarily vacant. 
15.   February 3rd, 1913.  US Inc. passes its 16th Amendment and Congress orders the Secretary of 
State to enter it as ratified even though the States had not ratified it according to Law.  The Secretary 
complied.  It should be noted that this would not have been lawful if it were a national Constitution 
amendment, however it was perfectly legal within the colorable, de facto corporation.  It should also be 
noted that where the national Constitution already had a 16th Amendment and where the Supreme Court 
says that the new 16th Amendment did not do anything, this corporate Amendment must simply be a space 
filler entered such that US Inc.’s Constitution (1871) would have the same number of Amendments as that 
of the national Constitution (1787). 
16.   
April 8th, 1913.  US Inc. passes its 17th Amendment and Congress orders it to be entered as 
ratified in the exact same manner as they did with US Inc.’s 16th Amendment.  This Amendment changes 
where US Inc.’s Senators are elected.  This Amendment is not even lawfully possible as a national 
Constitution Amendment for several reasons, not the least of which is that the Amendment would have 
required that Congress first pass an Amendment that stated that they had the power to say where Senators 
are elected before they could even deliberate on such a subject matter, after which they would then have 
to have competent ratifications performed on such Amendments in accord with Constitutional limits, not 
as was done with US Inc.’s 16th Amendment. 
17.   December 23, 1913.  The Congress, (late at night with only a small cadre of supporters present), 
passed the Federal Reserve Act, surrendering the creation and management of the nation’s currency into 
the hands of a cartel of private — and mostly foreign — bankers.  Currency is the single most essential and 
critical commodity in the world, embodying more law and principles of commerce than any other.  Since all 
interactions are “commerce,” and the medium of doing business in commerce is currency, money is in a 
very significant sense the measure of all things. 
By abandoning control and management of the money supply, the nation surrendered all capacity for 
claiming sovereignty.  The government lost its independent treasury (one of the requirements in law for 
national sovereignty).  The United States Government became a mere fiefdom, or administrative arm, of 
the bankers, who now owned the store. 
PAGE 37 
Passage of the Federal Reserve Act was a major milestone on the “road to serfdom” that this entire 
progression outlines.  The conspiratorial nature of matters is exemplified in comments by one of the major 
actors in the triumph of the Federal Reserve, Edward Mandell House, who had this to say in a private 
meeting with President Woodrow Wilson: 
“[Very] soon, every American will be required to register their biological property in a national system 
designed to keep track of the people and that will operate under the ancient system of pledging.  By such 
methodology, we can compel people to submit to our agenda, which will affect our security as a chargeback 
for our fiat paper currency.  Every American will be forced to register or suffer being able to work and earn 
a living.  They will be our chattel, and we will hold the security interest over them forever, by operation of 
the law merchant under the scheme of secured transactions.  Americans, by unknowingly or unwittingly 
delivering the bills of lading to us will be rendered bankrupt and insolvent, forever to remain economic slaves 
through taxation, secured by their pledges.  They will be stripped of their rights and given a commercial 
value designed to make us a profit and they will be none the wiser, for not one man in a million could ever 
figure our plans and, if by accident one or two should figure it out, we have in our arsenal plausible 
deniability.  After all, this is the only logical way to fund government, by floating liens and debt to the 
registrants in the form of benefits and privileges.  This will inevitably reap to us huge profits beyond our 
wildest expectations and leave every American a contributor to this fraud which we will call “Social 
Insurance.”  Without realizing it, every American will insure us for any loss we may incur and in this manner, 
every American will unknowingly be our servant, however begrudgingly.  The people will become helpless 
and without any hope for their redemption and, we will employ the high office of the President of our dummy 
corporation to foment this plot against America.” 
18.  1917.  Corporate-only Senators begin participating in all matters with those Senators who still had 
original jurisdiction government capacity, as a result of which all activities of the government were 
performed in corporate capacity only. 
19.  1917.  President Wilson was re-elected by the Electoral College, but only US Inc.’s Senate 
performed the Senate confirmation necessary for seating the national President.  There was no national 
government Senate confirmation; no national seats were seated and all remained vacant. 
Note:  the national President is also the Military’s Commander in Chief, and under the nation’s status of 
being ruled by the private, commercial, martial‑law rule of the Bankers and English Crown, the business 
needs of the nation have remained under US Inc. control since 1871, (i.e. ever since US Inc. was 
incorporated and made operational over such matters). {The Prophet Drew Ali wrote in a letter to 
Sheiks/Members and told them “…this is my government I can declare war or Peace…” 
PAGE 38 
 
PAGE 39 
         20.  1917-1944.  All national government seats are and remain vacant, (until the real National citizens 
take control of their government) and US Inc. continues maintaining the business needs of the government 
under martial-law rule. 
         21.  June 5, 1933.  US Inc. declares bankruptcy under House Joint Resolution, “HJR,” 192. 
         22.  1935.  The Social Security Act is passed. 
         23.  On application, the new Social Security Administration (hereinafter “SSA”) creates a private Trust 
with a trust name that sounds like the name of the applicant except the Trust’s name is spelled with all 
capital letters.  SSA makes the applicant a co-trustee of the namesake Trust, designates the SSA General 
Trust Fund as the Beneficiary of the namesake trust, and assigns the Trust a Social Security General Trust 
Fund Account number regarding the applicant for accounting and identification purposes. 
         24.  1938.  In Erie Railroad v. Tompkins, 1938, 304 U.S. 64-92, the U.S. Supreme Court sets the 
presumption re the status and capacity of an individual as that of General Capacity/General Partnership 
relationship with the namesake Trust, as if the two (2) entities — individual and namesake Trust — were 
one-in-the-same person.  
         25.  1944.  In the Bretton Woods Agreement, US Inc. is quit-claimed into the newly formed 
International Monetary Fund (hereinafter “IMF”) in exchange for the power allowing US Inc.’s President the 
right of naming (seating and controlling) the governors and general managers of the International Monetary 
Fund, The World Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and the Inter-American Bank also formed in 
that agreement (codified at United States Code Title 22 § 286).  It must be noted that this Act created an 
unlawful conflict of interest between US Inc. (with its new foreign owner) and its purpose of carrying out 
the business needs of the national government.  This is the cause of our use of the term “original-jurisdiction” 
government.  With the new foreign owner of US Inc. a conflict of interest is created between the national 
government and US Inc., even though the contracted purpose of US Inc. has not changed on its face. 
         26.  Since 1953 – 1975 at least, MKULTRA (Mind Control, etc.), CIA, and Military are unlawfully engaging 
in human experimentation with and without the knowledge of the subjects.  Military airborne toxins are 
sprayed on large cities without warning for the purpose of studying distribution and effect patterns, and 
other more sinister purposes.  Cite: Joint Hearing before the US Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, 
95th Congress, 1st Session, and August 3, 1977.  
         27.  1962.  At the National Governor’s Conference in Lexington, Kentucky; US Inc. informs the 
governors (under the guise of “public necessity”) that they must all form, or reform existing, private 
corporations under US Inc. (in their State’s interest), so that the people will not discover what the State 
governments are doing with the people’s money (dabbling in foreign notes, i.e. Federal Reserve Notes 
 
PAGE 40 
(FRNs), bonds, and evidences of debt), which activity is forbidden from State governments by their own 
State Constitutions, which information would likely cause a people’s revolt ending in the State official’s 
being, at worst, killed and at least replaced.  The proposed incorporation deadline was 1968. 
         28.  1970.  By this time, each State revised its Constitution and Statutes and formed private corporate 
entities of the name “STATE OF (X)” (where “(X)” is representative of the common State name), and then 
vacated their original jurisdiction government seats in favor of foreign ownership and control under the 
mandate of US Inc. 
         29.  It appears that this was all done so a General Partnership could be presumed as existing between 
“The State” (of the national Union of States) and “STATE OF (X)”, a private corporation.  Said STATE OF (X), 
as General Partner, then assumes the role of governmental operator/controller.  This scenario is further 
proven by the fact that these corporate entities cannot handle gold and silver coin of the United States of 
America in commercial transactions without violating the Par Value Modifications Act and the Foreign 
Currency Exchange Act. 
         30.  September 5, 1996, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office application number 709471 is filed, consisting 
of a plan for marking the alleged “human property” of US Inc., (i.e. every “citizen of the United States”)  
         31.   April 19th, 1994.  Federal agents attack, burn, and raze the compound, killing approximately 100 
of the members of the sect, without any lawful cause for the action. 
         32.  50 USC 1520 et seq.  Demonstrates that there exists an agenda for using Americans (Sovereign 
and otherwise) as biological test subjects.  This is a fundamental breach of an alleged Constitutional contract. 
         33.   President Clinton pushes for a mandatory Health Care Bill for the purpose of placing the physical 
bodies of all Americans under control of US Inc., with international identification attached, for the purpose 
of tagging the populace, as per the Biblical prophecy of the Mark of the Beast.  The computer that would 
handle the tracking is even identified with the acronym: B.E.A.S.T. 
What the above progression depicts is the systematic growth of the power, scope, and pervasive control of 
Government exercised against the American people by foreign, criminal, and hostile powers. 
This same dreary gestalt constitutes the nature of man’s history on this planet as far back as the eye can 
see.  Civilizations rise, fall, and disappear, replaced by new ones that — based upon being founded on, and 
functioning in accordance with, wrong principles — are foredoomed for extinction, as were all of their 
predecessors and as all future civilizations will be until mankind finally learns and ceases “beating a dead 
horse” by structuring law, commerce, religion, and social organization in general on principles that are 
existentially impossible. 
 
PAGE 41 
 
The above progression has proceeded in America by implementing such strategy as: 
       1.  Relentlessly instilling in people the foundational idea that governments in general are absolutely 
essential in the society of man and that the Government in America is the people’s friend and servant, (i.e. 
a “government of the people, by the people, and for the people.”)   
       2.  Creating governmentally owned corporate franchises, such as a “citizen of the United States” and 
one’s all-capital-letter name, with which people are deceived into identifying.  
       3.  Regarding every citizen of the United States as contractually being: 
              a. A corporate citizen, i.e. a corporate franchise; 
            b. A co-trustee (with duties) and co-beneficiary (with privileges) of the 14th Amendment Public 
Charitable cestui que Trust; 
            c. Pledged as an asset in the bankruptcy of US Inc., and therefore a co-surety for the debts of US Inc.; 
            d. An enemy of the Creditors; 
            e. Chattel property of the Bankers and Power Elite; 
            f. A slave with no capacity for asserting any rights, no standing in law, and no capacity for contracting.  
       4.  Functioning on the presumption that the individual being, with autonomy and free will, knowingly, 
intentionally, and voluntarily contracted into the situation of being united — like heads and tails of a coin 
— with a corporate entity created and owned by the Government. 
As per the established maxim of law, “As a thing is bound, so it is unbound,” the way out of the problem is 
within and through the problem.  This is accomplished by understanding what the problem is, (i.e. its 
structure and character, just as solving the problem of a plugged drain is accomplished by realizing that the 
problem is the plugged drain, whereby the solution consists of unplugging the drain.)  “Know the truth and 
the truth shall make you free.” 
The United States Library of Congress now has between 2,000,000 and 3,000,000 books on law.  Any law 
library is a daunting place, possessing row after row of shelves with books full of fine print.  Making 
knowledge of such “law” even more unattainable is not only that what passes for law today perpetually 
changes, altered by every new Court Case/Opinion, Legislative enactment, and all of the ever-changing 
Policies, Rules, and Regulations of Administrative Agencies, but an immense amount of the world’s law 
today (as actually implemented) is unwritten and inaccessible. 
This is not only because Judges operate in General Equity in which the ultimate Arbiter of a matter is the 
“conscience of the court” (i.e. how the judge feels about something that day), but because almost all of the 
world’s law is the private Law Merchant of the Creditors in bankruptcy of the world’s Nations, essentially 
all of which are insolvent and in receivership to the Bankers.  [3] This private Law Merchant is of ancient 
origin, and is implemented today. The end. Thanks brother E. W. Bey 
Chapter IV 
Patron Saint of U.S.A. 
Every nation has a patron saint. Does the members of the family of Nations of the United Nations 
know the patron Saint of the United States? What is his name? The name of the Parton saint is St. Tammany 
whose birth day is celebrated on May 1st [Epiphany Moors] and he was a Lenape Delaware Chief [Moor]. 
The word Tammany is rooted in the words Tami and ancient Moorish tribe and Tam, originally meaning 
“those who tame” or civilize. The European proprietors of the United Colonies of America found themselves 
comfortable and ease in Tammany’s presence while attempting to negotiate an agreement that would 
allow them to become an annexed part of the aboriginals Moorish United States of America’s government 
in the Family of Nations.
28 
Chapter V 
Money is anything which is accepted as a medium of exchange or accounting. Money can be 
classified into the following four forms:  
1. Commodity money 
2. Receipt money 
3. Fiat Money 
4. Fractional money 
Before money existed, people used barter to get what they wanted from others. Barter can be defined as 
a system in which one thing is exchanged for something else of like value. A barter exchange is not monetary 
28 Read the treaty of Tripoli  
PAGE 42 
in nature since each item has value rather than being recognized as a medium of exchange to be used later 
for something else. The items being bartered have intrinsic value. This concept of intrinsic value is key to 
understanding the various forms of money. 
Commodity Money: is the oldest form and has its roots in the barter system. As each ancient society 
(Moorish) evolved, there were always been a few items were more commonly used in barter than other 
commodities.  The is because they had certain characteristic, which made them attractive to almost 
everyone. Eventually, these items were traded in large measure because they represented a storehouse of 
value, which could be exchanged at a later time for something else. At this point, they ceased being barter 
and become money. They had become a medium of exchange. Since the medium of exchange was a 
commodity with intrinsic value, it is called commodity money. Common examples of commodity money 
include ornaments, colored seashells, unusual stones, cattle, sheep, corn, wheat or other foods. Eventually, 
when man learned how to refine metals and craft them into tools, the metals themselves became valuable. 
Initially these metals were traded as commodity money due to their intrinsic value. But they had some 
additional characteristic that made them very desirable as money; it was not perishable, it was portable, 
and it could be precisely measured. Money, in its fundamental form and function needs to a storehouse 
(warehouse; Prophet said we need warehouses) and a measure of value. In this way it’s the measure by 
which all other things of value can be compared. The ability to precisely assay metals impurity and weight 
makes them ideally suited for this function. Men on every continent and through history have chosen 
metals for the ideal storehouse and measure of value. 
Gold is the one metal that has been selected by centuries of trial and error to represent this 
storehouse and measure of value. Silver has run a close second to gold throughout history. There seems to 
be enough gold in the world to keep its value high enough for useful coinage. Gold is less abundant than 
sliver but more abundant than platinum. It is a commodity in great demand for purposes other than money. 
It is sought for both industry and ornamental purposes, which assures its intrinsic value. The purity and 
weight of gold can be precisely measured. So gold meets each of the equipment’s for money. It is estimated 
that approximately 45% of all there gold mined since the so-called discovery of America is in various vaults 
of many governments.29 It would be reasonable to estimate that 30% can be found in jewelry, ornaments 
and private vaults. Through reason we see that if 75% of the gold found since Mr. Christopher Columbus 
sailed to the Americas with Moorish maps, after the fall of the Moorish Empire at Granada Spain in1492, to 
other parts of their empire; is available that is too rare to serve as money. We would also suggest that the 
amount of gold in the world does not affect its ability to serve as money, it only affects the quantity used 
29 See Money and Man; A survey of monetary experience, Elgin Groseclose, p 259. 
PAGE 43 
to measure any given transaction. Governments could easily mint gold coins in almost any size to create 
smaller value. 
Using gold (or any other metal or precious stones) to serve as money virtually guarantees the 
stability of a commodity money system. This is true because there is a fixed amount of it in existence. When 
the quantity of so-called money expands without a corresponding increase in goods, the effect is a 
reduction in the purchasing power of each monetary unit. In other words the quoted price and the price as 
expressed in terms of monetary units of goods increase. The real price, in terms of its relationships’ to all 
other goods, remains the same.  This is what we call inflation. The price of goods does not go up but rather 
the value of the money goes down. To see this further let’s look at price and wage statistics during the time 
the Prophet Drew Ali founded the Moorish Science Temple of America 1913 AD. The Federal Reserve Act 
was passed, the same year, the average annual wage in European America was $633. The average exchange 
value for gold that year was $20.67 per ounce. This meant the average worker earned the equivalent of 
30.6 ounces of gold per year. In 1990, the average annual wage was $20,468. But the average exchange 
rate for gold had gone up to $386, 90 per ounce. The average worker therefore earned the equivalent of 
50.9 ounces of gold per year. That is an increase in wages as measured in gold of only 73% while the increase 
in dollar was 3,233%. The 73% increase represents less than 1% per year over the period.  
While this has happened there has been a steady increase in purchasing power about 1% per year, 
which has resulted in gradual improvements in the standard of living over the last 100 years.  
RECEIPT MONEY: The development of receipt (paper) money came as a result of necessity. When a man 
accumulated more coins than he required for daily purchases, he needed a safe place to store (warehouse) 
them. Gold smiths filled this need since they usually had vaults to store (warehouse, Hint, hint) there gold 
they used to create or repair jewelry for their customers. /when customers stored their gold coins, they 
were given a receipt that entitled the owner to withdraw their gold at any time. Eventually, it became 
common for owners to endorse his receipt to a third party who, upon presenting the receipt, could 
withdraw the gold. These endorsed receipts are the forerunner to modern checks. The final development 
stage occurred when serval smaller receipts were issued rather than one large one with each imprinted pay 
to bearer upon demand. It became increasingly common for these paper receipts to be used as money of 
account. So you see that receipt as money of account was fully backed up by a commodity (gold or silver 
coins or other metals or precious stones) that had intrinsic value in money of exchange. 
FIAT MONEY:  fiat money is money which is declared legal tender but is not backed up by anything, such as 
gold or silver. Its two characteristics are that it is not back up by anything of intrinsic value and it is decreed 
legal tender. Legal tender: means that the government issues a law requiring everyone to accept the 
PAGE 44 
currency in commerce, [usually under necessity]. Since the money really is worthless, the only way the so
called government can get it accepted is by forcing the people to do so, often under criminal penalties. 
Their own Federal Reserve Noted are fiat money. There is a typical pattern that emerges when fiat money 
is used. The government artificially expands the money supply through the issuance of more fiat currency. 
Thus is followed with legal tender laws to force the acceptance of the fiat money. Next all the gold and 
silver disappears, into private hordes or it is paid to foreign traders who insist on real money of exchange 
for their wares. Often when the inflation is high, the government will have to issue new bill valued at 
multiples of the old bills. This usually leads to discounts and civil disobedience (through barter). The last 
stage of each cycle is rampant inflation and economic chaos.  
FRACTIONAL MONEY: Fractional money came about as a result of people storing their gold coins with gold 
smiths. The gold simits observed that very few of their depositors ever wanted to remove their gold coin s 
at the same time. Withdrawals seldom exceeded 10% to 15% of their stockpiles of precious metals. They 
hated (coveted, HKMSTA: Ch.? Justice) to see all that gold just sitting there and not being used. So, they 
began to lend (steal) some of the gold out by issuing more receipts. It seemed perfectly safe to lend between 
80% or 85% out which meant they would still have reserves to pay any demand for withdrawal. In the 
beginning the gold owners was not even aware that their gold had been loaned. As the owners became 
aware of the practice, the gold smiths began to offer the share the interest they earned on the loans with 
the owners gold. But the entire practice didn’t'’ make any such sense. The gold was not really availed to be 
loaned. The gold was providing the value behind the receipts. One might say that the receipts was a proxy 
for the gold. Since the gold owner and the one who borrowed the gold, both had receipts they both had 
proxies for the same gold. If you give someone your proxy vote at a stock holders meeting, you can’t also 
show up and vote. The same principles applies to the receipts (proxies) for the gold coins. 
So here is how fractional-reserves work. You deposit your gold and get a receipt that you use as money of 
account. The gold smith (banker) issues loans in the amount of 85% of the amount you deposit. The 
borrower is also given receipts for the amount he borrowed. That means there are 85% more receipts than 
there is gold to back it up. Thus the gold smith (banker acting as a banker) created 85% more money of 
account and placed it into circulation through the borrowers. So, at this point the certificates are no longer 
100% backed by gold. So they only represent a fraction of their face value. Thus the receipts become what 
are called fractional money (of account) and the process that created them is called fractional-reserve 
banking. Banks (bankers) are creating money (of account) based on a borrowers promise to pay (the IOU 
[promissory note]). Bankers then crate more money of account by monetizing so-to-speak, the private 
debts of business and individuals based on their future performance (labor) of serving the so-called lone 
(note).  (Prophet said he’s got the gold and the silver.) 
PAGE 45 
Figure 2 from the Chicago Defender 1928 
PAGE 46 
EXCERPTS FROM THE BELOW ARTICLE PUBLISHED IN 
Moorish American Scholar 
OUT OF DARKNESS INTO THE MARVELOUS LIGHT. 
“The last prophet in these days is Noble Drew Ali, who was prepared divinely in due time by Allah to redeem men from their sinful ways, 
and to warn them of the great wrath which is sure to come upon the earth.” HKMSTA p.67 ‘The End of Time and the Fulfilling of the 
Prophesies.’ 
Prepared by: Bro. C. Jones Bey GS. MSTA Temple No. 43 
Earthly Salvation according to Noble Drew Ali 
Published: May 7, 2016 
PAGE 47 
Chapter I 
Friday30, September 28, 1928 
PROPHET DREW ALI SPEKAS TO THE NATIONS NEEDS, STRONG MEN AND WOMEN 
If you have race pride and love your racei, join the Moorish Science Temple of America31 and become a part 
of this Divine Movement32. Then you will have power33 to redeem34 your race because you will know who 
30 ‘Friday’ is a reference to Act 2 and addressing the nation/members of the Moorish Science Temple of America. Announcements are proclaimed at every 
Friday meeting, to address the Nation needs and current affairs also Laws etc., Also Announcements are a form of proclaiming. Also Prophet Dew Ali was 
born on a Fri. Jan. 8th 1886 and departed out of flesh and Ascended on a Fri. July 19, 1929. 
31 Moorish Science Temple of America is a corporate, and Divine Movement Organized under the Religious Corporation Act of 1871 Ch. 32,36; 32 par. 164 
Sec. 35, Aug. 1, 1928 2:52PM. State of Illinois, Cook County; The Moorish Science Temple of America formerly known as Moorish Temple of Science and/or 
Moorish Holy Temple of Science a civic organization  est. July14, 1925 ; and the Society [Moorish Divine National Movement est. 5/1/1916]; formed, for 
religious worship, adopted a corporate name and remained a body politic and corporate.[ RE: See fine print at the bottom of the Koran Question’ for 
Moorish Americans, “See Hurd’s Rev. Stat. Chap. 32,36] Religious Corporation Act 1871.  Body Politic: The legal definition: government, corporations; 
when applied to the government this phrase signifies the state. {State}= Moorish Science Temple of America; {the body of law that governs the legal 
relations between or among states or nations. To qualify as a subject under the traditional definition of international law, a state had to be sovereign: 
It needed a territory, a population, a government, and the ability to engage in diplomatic or foreign relations.}.  ]      
2. As to the person who compose 
the body politic (Members) they take collectively the name, of people, or nation (Moorish American, Bey or El= nationality, free national name and descent 
name=family name or Sur name (Title)); and individually they are citizens, when considered in relation to their political rights [Nationality], and subjects 
as being submitted to the laws of the state [Moorish Science Temple of America]. BLK4th edition: Body Politic: a nation or state; the People of a nation 
or Society considered as an organized group of citizens. 
32 Divine Movement: Divine meaning something ordained from the Great God. Movement AS IN: [Moorish Divine National Movement] having the same 
meanings as: RE: Synonym’s {Rogers’s Thesaurus}:   Society, People, Citizen, Nationals, Inhabitants, Humanity. Movement then signifies a Nation or Society. 
[{Nation}=  Moorish Divine National Movement] Making the Moorish Science Temple of America-Moorish Divine National Movement a Divine Nation
State. Nation-State: is a state that self-identifies as deriving its political legitimacy from serving as a sovereign entity for a country  as a sovereign territorial 
unit/the state is a political and geopolitical entity; the nation is a cultural and/or ethnic entity. The term “nation-state” implies that the two geographically 
coincide, and this distinguishes the nation-state from the other types of state. Now consider this…MSTA-MDNM a nation-state; a state of what? Or better 
stated; what country is the MSTA-MDNM serving as a sovereign entity for? Ans: U.S.A. being the National Republic of the United States of America see 
PROPHET MAKES PLEA TO NATION Friday, March 1, 1929 “…free National Republic of the United States of America...”, “…I am going to help this national 
government…”; National Government: BLK 4th edition: The government of a whole nation, as distinguished from that of a local or territorial division of 
the nation, and also as distinguished from that of a league or confederation; a national government is a government of the People of a single state or 
nation, united as a community by what is termed the ‘social compact’, and possessing complete and perfect supremacy over persons and things, so far 
as they can be made the lawful objects of civil government. Social Compact or Social Contract BLK LAW 3rd pocket edition: The express or implied 
agreement between citizens and their government by which individuals agree to surrender certain freedoms in exchange for mutual protections; an 
agreement forming the foundation of a political society. The Moorish Science Temple of America Divine Constitution and By Laws is a Social Compact. The 
way in which a Member/Citizen surrenders certain freedoms to this Divine Nation-State known as the Moorish Science Temple of America Moorish Divine 
and National Movement, is established in Act 3 “Love, Truth, Peace, Freedom and Justice must be proclaimed and practiced by all members of the Moorish 
Science Temple of America…” This announcement officially amongst ones political community at the District Temple (Subordinate Temple etc.) which one 
is a Member thereof is the allegiance agreement to the Nation-State {One Temple}.  
Another important distinction needs to be made: The help the Prophet gave to the national government was legitimacy. Before the Prophet 
Drew Ali’s great work, the United States was not considered to be a nation in the sense of international law and was ruled on by the Supreme Court in 
1794 in the case of Chrisholm v. Georgia, 2 Dall. (U.S.) 419, 1 L. Ed. 440 (1793). United States the country is a ‘society’ and ‘sovereignty’ but not a “nation” 
under the laws of nations by the supreme courts own admission. Thus we became a true nation under God when the prophet wrapped the Moorish Flag 
around the little Moorish girl and the American Flag around the little Moorish boy at the Convention of 1928. “…I made you a nation within a nation the 
wheel within the wheel…” Prophet Drew Ali. Thus the Moorish Science Temple of America- Divine and National Movement is the National Government of 
the National Republic of the United State of America. 
33 Power: means n. 1. The ability or capacity to perform or act effectively. Political or national strength (resources minerals, precocious metals), the ability 
to do an act. HKMSTA: Ch. 7:14-18 A “Power is a manifest; it is the result of Force; it is but naught; it is illusion, nothing more. Forces changes not, but 
power changes as the ethers change. Force is the will of Allah and is omnipotent, and Power is that will in manifest, directed by the Breath.”  
34 Redeem :BLK Laws 3rd: The act or instance of reclaiming; this act of reclaiming that which was lost is rooted in Act 6 of the Moorish Science Temple of 
Americas Divine Constitution and By-Laws. Redeem is wider in its application than ransom, and means to buy back, regain possession of, or exchange for 
money, goods, etc.: to redeem one's property. To ransom is to redeem a person from captivity by paying a stipulated price, or to redeem from sin by 
sacrifice: to ransom a kidnapped child.  Oxford Dictionary: Archaic: Free (oneself or another) from slavery or captivity by paying a ransom.  
PAGE 48 
you are35 and your forefathers were. Because where there is unity, there is strength.  “Together we stand, 
divided we fall.” 
Come, good people, because I, the Prophet, sent to redeem this nation from mental slavery, which you 
have now. I need every one of you who think your condition can be better. This is a field held open to strong 
men and women to uplift the nation and take your place in the affairs of menii. 
If the European and other nations are helping me, why not you? It is your problem. The Negro problem is 
being solved36 only as it can, and that is by the Moorish Divine Movement, if you have a nation37, you must 
have a free38 national name in order to be recognized by this nation as an American citizen. This is what 
was meant when it was said “Seek ye first the Kingdom of Heaven and all these things would be 
added unto you.” By the Prophet (emphasis added) 
Moorish Science Temple of America Moorish Divine National Movement 
Chapter II 
Vine and Fig tree prophecy  
QMA: # 81. What was the name of the person into whom Jesus was first reincarnated? AN: Prophet 
MOHAMMED, the Conqueror. 
35 Knowledge of Self…Know Thy Self and Allah. The law of the Family    (continued in footnotes) 
36 Red part to be spoken on during a lecture 1 
37 Nation means Tribe, also A people, or aggregation of men, existing in the form of an organized jural society, inhabiting a distinct portion of the earth, 
speaking the same language, using the same customs, possessing historic continuity, and distinguished from other like groups by their racial origin and 
characteristics, and generally, but not necessarily, living under the same government and sovereignty. See Montoya v. U. S., 180 U. S. 201, 21 Sup. Ct 358, 
45 L. Ed. 521; Worcester v. Georgia, 6 Pet. 539, 8 L. Ed. 483; Republic of Honduras v. Soto, 112 N. Y. 310, 19 N. E. 845, 2 L. R. A. 042, 8 Am. St. Rep. 744. 
Besides the element of autonomy or self-government, that is, the independence of the community as a whole from the interference of any foreign power 
in its affairs or any subjection to such power, it is further necessary to the constitution of a nation that it should be an organized jural society, that is, 
both governing its own members by regular laws, and defining and protecting their rights, and respecting the rights and duties which attach to it as a 
constituent member of the family of nations. 
38 {free national name} Free: BLK law3rd pocket edit. Adj. 1. Having legal and political rights (Nationality); enjoying political and civil liberty. 2 not subject 
to the constraints or domination of another; freedom; Characterized by choice, rather than by compulsion or constraint. National: relating to or belonging 
to a nation as an organized whole. Of relating to nationality; of or maintained by the government of a nation; a citizen of a particular nation. The term 
National of the United States is broader than the term citizen. (internationally protected person )“Internationally protected person” means— “National of 
the United States” has the meaning prescribed in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)). Section 101(a)(22) of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) states that “the term ‘national of the United States’ means (A) a citizen of the United States, or (B) a person 
who, though not a citizen of the United States, owes permanent allegiance to the United States.” Therefore, U.S. citizens are also U.S. nationals) name: 
Black's Law Dictionary Free Online Legal Dictionary 2nd Ed.: What is SURNAME? The family name; the name over and above the Christian name. {RE: 
HKMSTA p.68 v 7} The part of a name which is not given in baptism; the last name; the name common to all members of a family. (Bey & El) so-called 
Black people have never had a real sur name, they have the required name of a slave from the slave master.  Therefore ones free national name is not 
only Moorish American it is also Bey or El. It must be noted here because of the atmosphere surrounding the Moorish Science Temple of America founded 
by the prophet Noble Dew Ali. The Bey and El are titles of/and for Moorish Americans; titles are the property of the founder of such a title and subject to 
the stipulation of the original holder or Father/Parent/Founder; that being the Royal Prince NDA, and only his heirs will inherit this title of their father by 
the stipulations he set forth in his testamentary to his children and laws to be obeyed to inherit ones divine birthright. All this is also predicated to the fact 
that one’s association is in the right and true, by law, [not ones lips service], Temple. Due to the fact that only one who has the correct authority {the “WE” 
in Act 6 of the DC& By-Laws} can make a declaration to declare that you are a Moslem under the holy and divine laws of Love Truth Peace Freedom and 
Justice, and confer the title to a member of the family. If you don’t have the correct permission according to law to confer such a title then its fraud, if you 
have such a title  and if you cannot prove it came from a true Moorish American official of the Nation-State then its embezzlement and trespass etc..  
PAGE 49 
A third prophecy is attributed to Prophet Muhammad himself, and may have formed the basis for 
other prophecies’. It is related that Muhammad was asked about the end of the world and what would happen 
thereafter to his community. Muhammad replied that the world will come to an end when the most perverse 
and worst people appear at a time when a part of his community will still be in an island situated in the extreme 
west which is called Andalusia. The people of his community will be the last of its inhabitants. All calamities will 
befall them because of their neglect of the religious law and their worldliness, neglecting prayers and indulging 
in luxury.  The minors among them do not respect the elderly, nor do the elderly have compassion for the 
minors; injustices and false oaths abound among them; merchants purchase and sell with usury and deceit and 
covet properties. These and other evil things will become manifest, and God will subject them to people worse 
than they. They will be tormented; cruel governors will rule over them; their property will be confiscated for 
no reason; they will be captive and subject to killing and conversion and will worship images and idols; they 
will be obligated to eat bacon, and will endure other oppressions to the point of hopelessness and despair. 
God will punish their sins, but He will also have pity on them and will forgive them when those evils are 
eradicated and when they return to the practice of the religious laws. The cruelty imposed will be so intense 
that the angels will become vexed and will appear before Almighty calling His attention to their plight. It is then 
that God, the Avenger, will send someone to rescue them from their miserable condition. This will take place 
when the New Year falls on a Saturday. God will then send a sign consisting of a cloud of birds; two of which 
will represent the angels Gabriel and Michael. The first cloud of birds will be flowed by other birds of the earth 
to announce the coming of the King of the East and West, who will take Andalusia. The conflict between Islam 
and Christianity will end with a return to the law of the Moors. There will be much cloud in that year, scarcity 
of water, trees bearing extra fruits, and other signs. 
From: the Hadiths of the Prophet Mohammad. PBBUH 
PAGE 50 
PAGE 51 
Moorish ancient Forefather(s) and Mother(s) 
i The statement from PDA“…if you have race pride and love your race…” is a statement made to those who have had some former education or were 
in an association were race galvanization speeches and race education was heard and taught. RE: Philosophy and Opinions of Marcus Garvey edited by 
Amy Jacques-Garvey “If we are to believe the divine injunction, we must realize that the time is coming when every man and every race must return 
to its own "vine and fig tree”. “  “Nationhood is the only means by which modern civilization can completely protect itself. Independence of 
nationality, independence of government, is the means of protecting not only the individual, but the group. Nationhood is the highest ideal of all 
peoples.” 
ii “…The statement to take your place in the affairs of men…” by the Holy Prophet Drew Ali 
PAGE 52 
Appendix 
SEC. 1 A HANDBOOK FOR JURORS 
“...That this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of Freedom...” Abraham Lincoln 
JURY DUTY! 
The purpose of this section is to revive, as Jefferson put it, “The Ancient Principles.” It is not 
designed to promote lawlessness or a return to the jungle. The “Ancient Principles” refer to the 
Ten Commandments and the Common Law. The Common Law is, in simple terms, just plain 
common sense and has its roots in the Ten Commandments. 
In 1776 we came out of BONDAGE with FAITH, UNDERSTANDING and COURAGE. Even 
against great odds, and with much bloodshed, we battled our way to achieve LIBERTY. 
LIBERTY is that delicate balance between the force of government and FREEWILL of man. 
LIBERTY brings FREEDOM of choice to work, to trade, to go and live where one wishes; it 
leads to ABUNDANCE. ABUNDANCE, if made an end to itself, will result in 
COMPLACENCY, which leads to APATHY. APATHY is the “let George do it” philosophy. 
This always brings DEPENDENCY. For a period of time, dependents are often not aware they 
are dependent. They delude themselves by thinking that they are still free— 
“We never had it so good.”—“We can still vote, can’t we?” Eventually abundance diminishes 
and DEPENDENCY becomes known by its true nature: 
BONDAGE! 
There are few ways out of bondage. Bloodshed and war often result, but our founding fathers 
learned of a better way. Realizing that a CREATOR is always above and greater than that 
which He creates, they established a three vote system by which an informed citizenry can 
control those acting in the name of the government. To be a good master you must always 
remember the true “pecking order” or chain of command in this nation: 
1. GOD created man . . . 
2. Man (that’s you) created the Constitution . . . 
3. Constitution created government . . . 
4. Government created corporations . .etc. 
The base of power was to remain in WE THE PEOPLE but unfortunately, it was lost to those 
leaders acting in the name of the government, such as politicians, bureaucrats, judges, lawyers, 
etc. 
As a result America began to function like a democracy instead of a REPUBLIC. A democracy 
is dangerous because it is a one-vote system as opposed to a Republic, which is a three-vote 
system: Three votes to check tyranny, not just one. American citizens have not been informed 
of their other two votes. 
Our first vote is at the polls on election-day when we pick those who are to represent us in the 
seats of government. But what can be done if those elected officials just don’t perform as 
promised or expected? Well, the second two votes are the most effective means by which the 
common people of any nation on earth have even had in controlling those appointed to serve 
them in government. 
The second vote comes when you serve on a Grand Jury. Before anyone can be brought to trial 
for a capital or infamous crime by those acting in the name of the government, permission must 
be obtained from people serving on the Grand Jury! The Minneapolis Star and Tribune in 
March 27, 1987, edition noted a purpose of the grand Jury in this way: 
“A Grand Jury’s purpose is to protect the public from an overzealous prosecutor.” 
The third is the most powerful vote: this is when you are acting as a jury member during a 
PAGE 53 
courtroom trial. At this point, “the buck stops” with you! It is in this setting that each JUROR 
has MORE POWER than the President, all of Congress, and all of the judges combined! 
Congress can legislate (make law), the President or some other bureaucrat can make an order or 
issue regulations, and judges may instruct or make a decision, but no JUROR can ever be 
punished for voting “Not Guilty!” Any juror can, with impunity, choose to disregard the 
instructions of any judge or attorney in rendering his vote. If only one JUROR should vote 
“Not Guilty” for any reason, there is no conviction and no punishment at the end of the trial. 
Thus, those acting in the name of government must come before the common man to get 
permission to enforce law. 
YOU ARE ABOVE THE LAW! 
As a JUROR in a trial setting, when it comes to your individual vote of innocent or guilty, you 
are truly answerable to GOD ALMIGHTY. The First Amendment to the Constitution was born 
out of this great concept. However, judges of today refuse to inform JURORS of their 
RIGHTS. THe Minneapolis Star and Tribune in a news paper article appearing in its November 
30, 1984 edition, entitled: “What Judges Don’t Tell Juries” stated: 
“At the time of adoption of the Constitution, the jury’s role as a defense against political 
oppression was unquestioned in American jurisprudence. This nation survived until the 
1850’s, when prosecutions under the Fugitive Slave Act were largely unsuccessful because 
juries refused to convict.” 
“Then judges began to erode the institution of free juries, leading to the absurd compromise that 
is the current state of the law. While our courts uniformly state juries have the power to return 
a verdict of not guilty whatever the facts, they routinely tell jurors the opposite.” 
“Further, the courts will not allow the defendants or their counsel to inform the jurors of their 
true power. A lawyer who made . . . Hamilton’s argument would face professional discipline 
and charges of contempt of court.” 
“By what logic should juries have the power to acquit a defendant but no right to know about 
that power? The court decisions that have suppressed the notion of jury nullification cannot 
resolve this paradox.” 
“More than logic has suffered. As originally conceived, juries were to be made a safety valve 
way to soften the bureaucratic rigidity of the judicial system by introducing the common sense 
of the community. If they are to function effectively as the ‘conscience of the community,’ 
jurors must be told that they have the power and the right to say no to a prosecution in order to 
achieve a greater good. To cut jurors off from this information is to undermine one of our most 
important institutions.” 
“Perhaps the community should educate itself. Then citizens called for jury duty could teach 
the judges a needed lesson in civics.” 
This booklet is designed to bring to your attention one important way our nation’s founders 
provided to insure that you, (not the growing army of politicians, judges, lawyers, and 
bureaucrats) rule this nation. it will focus on the rule of power you possess as a JUROR, how 
you got it, why you have it, and remind you of the basis on which you must decide not only the 
facts placed in evidence but also the validity or applicability of every law, rule, regulation, 
ordinance, or instruction given by any man seated as a judge or attorney when you serve as a 
JUROR. 
One JUROR can stop tyranny with a “NOT GUILTILY VOTE!” He can nullify bad law in any 
case, by “HANGING THE JURY!” 
“I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything, but I can do something. What I can do, I 
should do and, with the help of God, I will do!” Everett Hale 
The only power the judge has over the JURY is their ignorance! 
JURY RIGHTS 
“The jury has the right to judge both the law as well as the fact in controversy.” John Jay, 1st 
Chief Justice U.S. supreme Court, 1789 
“The jury has the right to determine both the law and the facts.” Samuel Chase, U.S. supreme 
Court Justice, 1796, Signer of the unanimous Declaration 
“The jury has the power to bring a verdict in the teeth of both law and fact.” Oliver Wendell 
PAGE 54 
Holmes, U.S. supreme Court Justice, 1902 
“The law itself is on trial quite as much as the cause which is to be decided.” Harlan F. Stone, 
12th Chief Justice U.S. supreme Court, 1941 
“The pages of history shine on instances of the jury’s exercise of its prerogative to disregard 
instructions of the judge...” U.S. vs. Dougherty, 473 F 2nd 1113, 1139. (1972) 
LAW OF THE LAND 
The general misconception is that any statute passed by legislators bearing the appearance of 
law constitutes the law of the land. The U.S. Constitution is the supreme law of the land, and 
any statute, to be valid, must be in agreement. It is impossible for a law, which violates the 
Constitution to be valid. This is succinctly stated as follows: 
“All laws which are repugnant to the Constitution are null and void.” Marbury vs. Madison, 5 
US (2 Cranch) 137, 174, 176, (1803) 
“When rights secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or 
legislation which would abrogate them.” Miranda vs. Arizona, 384 US 436 p. 491. 
“An unconstitutional act is not law; it confers no rights; it imposes no duties; affords no 
protection; it creates no office; it is in legal contemplation, as inoperative as though it had never 
been passed.” Norton vs. Shelby County 118 US 425 p. 442 
“The general rule is that an unconstitutional statute, though having the form and name of law, is 
in reality no law, but is wholly void, and ineffective for any purpose; since unconstitutionality 
dates from the time of its enactment, and not merely from the date of the decision so branding 
it. 
“No one is bound to obey an unconstitutional law and no courts are bound to enforce it.” 16 
Am Jur 2nd, Sec 177 late 2d, Sec 256 
INALIENABLE, [UNALIENABLE] OR NATURAL RIGHTS! 
NATURAL RIGHTS ARE THOSE RIGHTS such as life (from conception), LIBERTY and the 
PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS e.g. FREEDOM of RELIGION, SPEECH, LEARNING, TRAVEL, 
SELF-DEFENSE, ETC. Hence laws and statutes, which violate NATURAL RIGHTS, though they 
may have the color of law, are not law but impostors! The U.S. Constitution was written to protect 
these NATURAL RIGHTS from being tampered with by legislators. * Further, our forefathers also 
wisely knew that the U.S. Constitution would be utterly worthless to restrain government 
legislators unless it was clearly understood that the people had the right to compel the government 
to keep within the Constitutional limits. 
*Lysander Spooner wrote as follows: 
“Government is established for the protection of the weak against the strong. This is the principal, 
if not the sole motive for the establishment of all legitimate government. It is only the weaker party 
that loses their liberties, when a government becomes oppressive. The stronger party, in all 
governments are free by virtue of their superior strength. They never oppress themselves. 
Legislation is the work of the stronger party; and if, in addition to the sole power of legislation, 
they have the sole power of determining what legislation shall be enforced, they have all power in 
their hands, and the weaker party are the subjects of an absolute government. Unless the weaker 
party have veto, they have no power whatever in the government . . . no liberties . . . The trial by 
jury is the only institution that gives the weaker party any veto upon the power of the stronger. 
Consequently it is the only institution that gives them any effective voice in the government, or any 
guaranty against oppression. 
ESSAY on the TRIAL by Jury 
JURY TAMPERING? 
A JURY’s Rights, Powers and Duties: 
The Charge to the JURY in the First JURY Trial before the supreme* Court of the U.S. 
Illustrates the TRUE POWER OF THE JURY. In the February term of 1794, the supreme 
Court conducted a JURY trial and said “. . . it is presumed, that the juries are the best judges of 
facts; it is, on the other hand, presumed that the courts are the best judges of law. But still both 
objects are within our power of decision.” 
“You have a right to take upon yourselves to judge of both, and to determine the law as well as 
PAGE 55 
the fact in controversy.” -(State of Georgia vs. Brailsford, et al, 3 Dall. 1) 
“The JURY has an unreviewable and irreversible power . . . to acquit in disregard of the 
instructions on the law given by the trial judge . . .” (emphasis added) U.S. vs. Dougherty, 473 
F 2nd 1113, 1139 (1972) 
Hence, JURY disregard of the limited and generally conviction-oriented evidence presented for 
its consideration, and JURY disregard for what the trial judge wants them to believe is the 
controlling law in particular case (sometimes referred to as “JURY lawlessness”)* is not 
something to be scrupulously avoided, but rather encouraged. Witness the following quotation 
from the eminent legal authority above-mentioned: “Jury lawlessness is the greatest corrective 
of law in its actual administration. The will of the state at large imposed on a reluctant 
community, the will of a majority imposed on a vigorous and determined minority, find the 
same obstacle in the local JURY that formerly confronted kings and ministers.” (emphasis 
added) (Dougherty cited above, note 32 at 1130) 
*Supreme is not capitalized in the Constitution, however Behavior is. 
*Jury lawlessness means willingness to nullify bad law. 
The Right of the JURY to be Told of Its Power 
Almost every JURY in the land is falsely instructed by the judge when it is told it must accept 
as the law that which is given to them by the court, and that the JURY can decide only the facts 
of the case. This is to destroy the purpose of a Common Law JURY, and to permit the 
imposition of tyranny upon a people. 
“There is nothing more terrifying than ignorance in action.” Goethe (engraved on a plaque at 
the Naval War College) 
“To embarrass justice by a multiplicity of laws, or to hazard it by confidence in judges, are the 
opposite rocks on which all civil instructions have been wrecked.” Johnson (engraved in 
Minnesota State Capitol Outside the Supreme Court Chambers) 
“. . . The letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.” II Corinthians 3:6 
“It is error alone which needs the support of government. truth can stand by itself.” Thomas 
Jefferson 
The JURY’S options are by no means limited to the choices presented to it in the courtroom. 
“The jury gets its understanding as to the arrangements in the legal system from more than one 
voice. There is the formal communication from the ‘judge.’ There is informal communication 
from the total culture—literature; current comment, conversation; and, of course, history and 
tradition.” (Dougherty cited above, at 1135) 
LAWS, FACTS AND EVIDENCE! 
Without the power to decide what facts, law and evidence are applicable, JURIES cannot be a 
protection to the accused. If people acting in the name of government are permitted by 
JURORS to dictate any law whatever, they can also unfairly dictate what evidence is admissible 
or inadmissible and thereby prevent the WHOLE TRUTH from being considered. Thus if 
government can manipulate and control both the law and the evidence, the issue of fact 
becomes virtually irrelevant. In reality, true JUSTICE would be denied leaving us with a trial 
by government and not a trial by JURY! 
Heroes are men of glory who are so honored because of some heroic deed. People often out of 
gratitude yield allegiance to them. Honor and allegiance are nice words for power! Power and 
allegiance can only be held rightfully by trust as a result of continued character. 
When people acting in the name of government violate ethics, they break trust with “WE THE 
PEOPLE.” The natural result is for “WE THE PEOPLE” to pull back power (honor and 
allegiance). 
The loss of power creates fear for those losing the power. Fearing loss of power, people acting 
in the name of government often seek to regain or at least hold their power. Hence, to 
legitimize their quest for control, laws and force are often instituted. 
Unchecked power is the foundation of tyranny. It is the JUROR’S duty to use the JURY 
ROOM as a vehicle to stem the tide of oppression and tyranny: 
To prevent bloodshed by peacefully removing power from those who have abused it. The 
JURY is the primary vehicle for peaceful restoration of LIBERTY, POWER AND HONOR TO 
“WE THE PEOPLE!” 
PAGE 56 
YOUR VOTE COUNTS! 
Your vote of NOT Guilty must be respected by all members of the JURY— it is the RIGHT 
and DUTY of a JUROR to Never, Never, Never yield his or her sacred vote—for you are not 
there as a fool, merely to agree with the majority, but as an officer of the court and a qualified 
judge in your own right. Regardless of the pressures or abuse that may be heaped on you by 
any other members of the JURY with whom you may be in good conscience to disagree, you 
can await the reading of the verdict secure in the knowledge you have voted your own 
conscience and convictions—and not those of someone else. 
By what logic do we send our youth to battle tyranny on foreign soil, while we refuse to do so 
in our courts? Did you know that many of the planks of the “Communist Manifesto” are now 
represented by law in the U.S.? How is it possible for Americans to denounce communism and 
practice it simultaneously. 
The JURY judges the Spirit, Motive and Intent of both law and the Accused, whereas the 
prosecutor only represents the letter of the law. 
Therein lies the opportunity for the accomplishment of “LIBERTY and JUSTICE for ALL.” If 
you, and numerous other JURORS throughout the State and nation begin and continue to bring 
in verdicts of NOT GUILTY in such cases where nam-made statute is defective or oppressive, 
these statutes will become as ineffective as if they had never been written. 
“If we love wealth better than liberty, the tranquility of servitude better than the animating 
contest of freedom, go home from us in peace. We ask not your counsels or your arms. Crouch 
down and lick the hands which feed you. May your chains set lightly upon you, and may 
posterity forget that ye were our countrymen.” 
JURY OF PEERS 
Our forefathers felt that in order to have JUSTICE, it is obvious that a JURY of “PEERS” must 
be people who actually know the defendant. How else would they be able to judge motive and 
intent? 
“PEERS” of the defendant, like RIGHTS of the JURY have also been severely tarnished. 
Originally, it meant people of “equals in station and rank,” (Black’s 1910), “free-holders of a 
neighborhood,” (Bouvier’s 1886), or “A companion; a fellow; an associate. (Webster’s 1828). 
GENERAL INDEX TO: 
CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES 
Preamble: The people hold the power: “We the People . . . in order to form a more perfect 
union, . . . and secure the blessing of liberty . . .” 
ARTICLE I. 
SECTION. 
1. Legislative powers. 
2. House of representatives; qualifications of members; appointment of representatives and 
direct taxes; census; first appointment; vacancies; officers of the house; impeachments. 
3. Senate, classification of senators; qualifications of; vice president to preside; other officers; 
trial of impeachments. 
PAGE 57 
4. Election of members of congress; time assembling of congress. 
5. Powers of each house; punishment for disorderly Behaviour; journal; adjournments. 
6. Compensation and privileges; disabilities of members. 
7. Revenue bills; passage and approval of bills; orders and resolutions. 
8. General powers of congress; borrowing money; regulating commerce; naturalization and 
bankruptcy; money; weights and measures; counterfeiting; post offices; patents and 
copyrights; inferior courts; piracies and felonies; war; marque and reprisal; armies; navy; 
land and naval forces; calling the militia; District of Columbia; to enact laws necessary to 
enforce the Constitution. 
9. Limitations of congress; migration; writ; of habeas corpus; bills of attainder and ex post 
facto laws prohibited; direct taxes; exports not to be taxed; interstate shipping; drawing 
money from the treasury; financial statements to be published; titles of nobility and favors 
from foreign powers prohibited. 
10. Limitations of the individual states; no treaties; letters of marque and reprisal; no coining of 
money; bills of credit; not allowed to make any Thing but gold and silver Coin for payment 
of debts; no bills of attainder; ex post facto Law or law impairing the obligation of 
contracts; no title of nobility; state imposts and duties; further restrictions on state powers. 
ARTICLE II. 
SECTION 
1. Executive powers; electors; qualifications, vacancy, compensation and Oath of the 
president. 
2. Powers and duties of the president; making of treaties; powers of appointments. 
3. Other powers and duties. 
4. All government officers are liable to impeachment. 
ARTICLE III. 
SECTION 
1. Judicial powers; all judges must have good Behavior to stay in office; compensation not to 
be diminished. 
2. Jurisdiction of federal courts and supreme court; trials for crime by jury except 
impeachment. 
3. Treason defined; trial for and punishment. 
ARTICLE IV. 
SECTION 
1. Message to the states; each state is to give full faith and credit to public acts and records of 
other states. 
2. Citizens of each state shall be entitled; fleeing from justice. 
3. Admission of new states; power of congress over territories. 
4. Republican form of government guaranteed to every state; protection from invasion or 
domestic violence. 
ARTICLE V. 
SECTION 
1. Amending the Constitution. 
ARTICLE VI. 
SECTION 
1. National obligations; Public debt; Constitution to be the supreme Law of the land; 
Constitutional Oath of office; no religious test required. 
ARTICLE VII. 
SECTION 
1. Ratification of the Constitution; George Washington signs Twelfhindi, the highest ranking 
Saxon government, eg. He was equal of 1200 King Georges, or you as a juror are equal to 
1200 presidents, congressmen or judges, local, federal or of the supreme Court. 
PAGE 58 
GENERAL INDEX TO: THE BILL OF RIGHTS and Amendments 
PREAMBLE: Limiting the federal government: An expressed desire to prevent abuse of federal 
powers! 
ARTICLES—COMMON LAW 
I. Religious freedom, both to an establishment as well as the free exercise thereof; freedom of 
speech, press; right of petition. 
II. Right to bear arms. 
III. Quartering of soldiers. 
IV. The right to privacy and security against unreasonable search and seizures; search warrants. 
V. Grand Jury, double jeopardy, no one must witness against himself, no loss of life, liberty or 
property without due process. 
VI. Speedy and public trials, impartial jury; nature and cause, right to confront; compulsory 
witnesses, assistance of Counsel—note, does not say attorney. 
VII. Right to trial by jury according to the rules of common law—Ten Commandments are the 
foundation of Common Law. 
VIII. Excessive bail, fines, punishment etc. prohibited. 
IX. Rights beyond Bill of Rights belong to the people. 
X. Undelegated powers belong to the people unless given by the people to the states. 
Articles I-X were proposed Sept. 25, 1789, ratified Dec. 15, 1791. 
AMENDMENTS—EQUITY LAW 
XI. Restriction of judicial powers, proposed Mar. 5, 1794, adopted Jan. 
8, 1798. 
XII. Manner of electing the president and vice president, proposed Dec. 
12, 1803, adopted Sept. 25, 1904. 
XIII. Slavery and involuntary servitude prohibited, took effect* Dec. 18, 1865. 
XIV. Citizenship and status defined, privilege of 2nd, 3rd, or whatever status of citizenship one 
selects for oneself, as opposed to Freeholder with full sovereign rights; apportionment of 
representatives; who is prohibited from holding office; public debt. Caution: There is 
serious doubt as to the legality of this amendment because of the manner of ratification 
which was highly suspect. At least 10 States were held by force of arms until the proper 
authorities agreed to vote for this amendment. An excellent overview of this was written by 
the Utah Supreme Court -- 439 Pacific Reporter 2d Series pp 266-276, and for a more 
detailed account of how the 14th amendment was forced upon the Nation see articles in 11 
S.C. L. Q. 484 and 28 Tul. L. Rev. 22., took effect July 28, 1868. 
XV. Non Freeholders given right to vote, took effect Mar. 30, 1870. 
XVI. Income tax, took effect Feb. 25, 1913, possibly only four states ratified it properly. 
XVII. Direct elections of senators; electors; vacancies in the senate, took effect May 31, 1913. 
This moved us from a complex Republic to a simple Republic much like the style of 
government of the Soviet Union. State rights were lost and we were plunged headlong into 
a democracy of which our forefathers warned was the vilest form of government because it 
always ends in oppression. 
XVIII. Prohibition of liquor traffic, took effect Jan. 29, 1920. 
XIX. Voting for women, took effect Aug. 27, 1920. 
XX. Terms of the president, vice president, senators and representatives; date of assembling of 
congress, vacancies of the president, power of congress in presidential succession, took 
effect Feb. 6, 1933. 
XXI. Eighteenth Article repealed; took effect Dec. 5, 1933. 
XXII. Limits of the presidential term, took effect mar. 1, 1951. 
XXIII. Electors for the District of Columbia, took effect April 3, 1961. 
XXIV. Failure to pay any tax does not deny one the right to vote, took effect Feb. 4, 1964. 
XXV. Filling the office of the president or vice president during a vacancy, took effect Feb. 23, 
1967. 
XXVI. Right to vote at 18, took effect July 5, 1971. 
PAGE 59 
• Took effect is used as there is a great deal of suspicion as to the nature of these 
amendments (common law vs equity), also whether the last 16 amendments are legal, 
how many were ratified correctly, do they create a federal constitution in opposition to 
the original, etc. For further studies a good place to begin is with the article by the Utah 
Supreme Court on the 14th amendment, 439 Pacific Reporter 2d Series, pp 266-276, and 
Senate Doc. 240. 
. 
Chapter 1  
Town Classes, Officers and Districts 7 
Town Classes, Officers and Districts  
Every New Yorker lives either in a city or a town. Some towns have within their boundaries one or more 
villages. Although a village is a separate municipal corporation, many town services are provided for the 
entire area of the town, including the village. Residents look to these governments for local services such 
as public safety, roadways, health, recreation and utilities.  
In New York State, there are 932 towns organized to provide government for those residents living outside 
the borders of cities. At one time, city governments were found in urban areas and town governments in 
rural areas. This is no longer entirely accurate. Clustered around our large- and medium-sized cities are 
heavily populated communities that are not a part of a city, but are integral parts of the towns in which 
they are located. Thus, there are urban towns as well as rural towns. Some towns provide a wide range of 
municipal services while others provide just a few. Populations range from more than 750,000 in the largest 
town in New York to fewer than 50 in the smallest.  
Classification of Towns (Town Law, Section 10)  
There are two classes of towns in New York State – first and second.  
Towns of the first class include:  
All those in Westchester County, and  
PAGE 60 
Those elsewhere having a population of 10,000 or more, except: towns in Broome and Suffolk 
counties; the Town of Potsdam, St. Lawrence County; and the Town of Ulster, Ulster County.  
Towns of the second class include:  
All those in Broome and Suffolk Counties  
Town of Potsdam, St. Lawrence County  
Town of Ulster, Ulster County  
Those with fewer than 10,000, except for towns in Westchester County and all suburban towns. 
8 Information for Town Officials  
A town of the second class, except as indicated above, becomes a town of the first class automatically upon 
a census disclosure that the town has a population of 10,000 or more (Town Law, Section 11(1)). Any one 
of three special sets of circumstances, however, makes it possible, either by action of the town board 
(subject to permissive referendum requirements) or by a proposition at the polls, to convert a town of the 
second class (except for the Town of Potsdam) into a town of the first class (Town Law, Section 12). These 
circumstances are:  
A population of 5,000 or more  
An assessed value of taxable real property in excess of $10 million  
The fact that the town adjoins a city of 300,000 or more people.  
The distinction between the two types of towns grew out of differences in the problems that had 
confronted urban and rural areas. More services may be required in towns in more populated areas. The 
government may need to be more complex and its structure will reflect the demands made upon it.  
Today, however, as various statutory provisions have changed and all towns have home rule powers, there 
is little difference, in practice, between the powers and duties of the two classes of towns.  
Suburban Towns  
A town may become a suburban town if it has a population of 25,000 or more, or, in certain cases, has a 
population of 7,500 or more and is located within 15 miles of a city with a population of at least 100,000. A 
suburban town has certain additional powers that are designed to help it provide needed services. For 
PAGE 61 
example, the supervisor may appoint a director of finance to perform some of the fiscal duties (Town Law, 
Section 52). Also, the town board may create departments and appoint individuals to head those 
departments.  
A public hearing must be held if a town decides to become a suburban town. After the hearing, a resolution 
of the town board, subject to permissive referendum requirements, is all that is necessary for the town to 
become a suburban town. The resolution must provide that the town will become a town of the first class, 
if it is not one already (Town Law, Section 50-a). For additional information, see Article 3-A of the Town Law.  
− Town Board  
The legislative authority of the town rests in the town board, which is the governing board of the town.  
The town board, among other functions, generally fills vacancies in town offices, elective or appointive; 
may select a town attorney and a town engineer; appoints constables or police officers; and provides for 
the hiring of other employees as necessary for the conduct of the town’s business (Town Law, Sections 20 
and 64). Certain highway employees are hired by the highway superintendent, but within appropriations 
authorized by the town board (Highway Law, Section 140 (4)).Chapter 1 - Town Classes, Officers and 
Districts 9  
The town board adopts a budget, fixes the salaries of officers and employees, establishes rules of board 
procedure and designates the official newspaper of the town. Other functions are so numerous that only a 
sample can be given here. The town board may provide for the construction of drainage flood control 
facilities; provide for towers to be built, at the request of the Department of Environmental Conservation, 
to watch for forest fires; buy and install traffic control equipment; provide for feeding deer; provide for 
certain public health services; establish a publicity fund; regulate certain dangerous conditions; sponsor 
band concerts; compromise or settle claims; call special town elections; license certain occupations; provide 
for town improvements; establish fire, fire alarm and fire protection districts; create improvement districts; 
and designate depositories for town moneys. The general powers of the town board are set forth primarily 
in Section 64 and other sections of the Town Law.  
Most of the functions of the town board are set forth in the Town Law. However, some functions are set 
forth in other statutes such as the General Municipal Law, the Highway Law, the Education Law, the 
Agriculture and Markets Law, and the Not-for-Profit Corporation Law. In addition, town boards may adopt 
local laws pursuant to the home rule powers granted by Article 9 of the State Constitution and the Municipal 
Home Rule Law.  
Meetings  
PAGE 62 
Certain budget and organizational meetings are required by law (Town Law, Sections 62, 106, and 109). In 
towns of the first class, the law provides that at least one meeting be held each month; we recommend this 
for all towns. With limited exceptions, the meetings must be held within the town at a location specified by 
resolution of the town board. In a town of the second class, there is no specific statutory requirement for 
the number of town board meetings that must be held. However, the law does provide for certain meetings 
and hearings, such as the hearing on the preliminary budget, an annual accounting day, and others. Beyond 
these requirements, a town board is generally free to establish, by resolution, a time, date and place for 
regular meetings (Town Law, Section 62; Public Officers Law, Article 7).  
Occasionally there will be a need for a special meeting. The supervisor may call a special meeting, and must 
give at least two days’ notice in writing to members of the board as to the place and time of the meeting. 
When two members of the board other than the supervisor request a special meeting in writing, the 
supervisor must, within 10 days of the request, call a special meeting, giving at least two days’ notice in 
writing. The supervisor has no option in this matter (Town Law, Section 62).10 Information for Town 
Officials  
− Town Officers  
Town officers for first class and second class towns are listed on the following page. Note that a Town Board 
comprises the Supervisor and members of the Town Council.  
First Class Second Class  
Supervisor (a) Supervisor (a)  
4 Council Members (b) 4 Council Members (b)  
Town Attorney (c) Town Attorney (c)  
Town Clerk Town Clerk  
Town Superintendent of Highways (d) Town Superintendent of Highways (d)  
2 Town Justices (e) 2 Town Justices (e)  
1 Assessor (c) 1 Assessor (c) (f)  
Receiver of Taxes and Assessments Tax Collector (g)  
Town Engineer (c) Town Engineer (c)  
Police Officers (c) Police Officers or Constables (c)  
Director of Purchasing (c) Director of Purchasing (c)  
PAGE 63 
Comptroller (c) Comptroller (c) (h)  
(a) The town supervisor serves as budget officer unless he/she appoints someone else (Town Law, Section 
103 (2) ).  
(b) A town may have fewer than four council members under certain circumstances. (Town Law, Sections 
20 (1) (a), (b), 60-a, and 81 (2)(c) ). In a first class town, the number of council members may be increased 
to six, subject to permissive referendum requirements (Town Law, Section 81 (2) (a) ).  
(c) This office is generally appointive.  
(d) A town with an elective highway superintendent may abolish the office of highway superintendent by 
local law, subject to permissive referendum requirements, if the town has a contract in force and effect 
with another municipality for the municipality to provide highway, road and street maintenance and repair 
for a period of at least five years (Town Law, Section 20(1)(k)).  
(e) A town board may determine by resolution, subject to permissive referendum requirements, that the 
number of town justices shall be reduced (Town Law, Section 60-a). A town containing a population in 
excess of 50,000 may, subject to referendum, create the office of a third town justice. Those with a 
population of more than 75,000 may establish the offices of a third and/or fourth justice, subject to 
referendum (Town Law, Section 20 (1) (d) ).  
(f) This may be an elected position. There may be up to three assessors in a second class town that has 
exercised an option contained in former Section 1556 of the Real Property Tax Law(Town Law Section 
20(1)(b), Town Law Section 20(1)(f)).  
(g) In a second class town, the town board may adopt a resolution abolishing the office of tax collector. If 
the board adopts the resolution, the duties of the tax collector will be performed by the town clerk (Town 
Law, Section 36).  
(h) In a second class town, this position may exist only if the population is over 40,000 (Town Law, Section 
20 (3)(b)).  
Note: Not all the listed offices are mandatory and additional offices may exist in individual towns. Chapter 
1 - Town Classes, Officers and Districts 11  
Supervisor  
The town supervisor fills a significant role, serving in several major capacities, including:  
Presiding Officer (Chairperson) – The supervisor is the presiding officer at meetings of the town 
board (Town Law, Section 63).  
PAGE 64 
Town Legislator (Town Board Member) – The supervisor votes on matters before the town board 
as do all the other board members (Town Law, Sections 60 and 63).  
Town Executive and Administrator – After town board decisions have been made, it is the 
supervisor who often carries out the decisions. The supervisor usually receives the majority of complaints 
and suggestions of citizens, as well.  
Town Fiscal Officer – The supervisor is the treasurer of the town and generally represents the town 
in the conduct of its financial affairs. Chapter 2 of this publication discusses many aspects of this very 
important role (Town Law, Section 29).  
Representative of the Town (County Board Member) – The office of supervisor may be a county 
as well as a town post. Depending on the type of county government, a town supervisor may serve on the 
county board as a representative of the town (County Law, Section 150). There are two basic types of 
organizational structures for counties: a separately elected legislature or a board of supervisors. For a 
county with a board of supervisors, the supervisors elected from the several cities and towns in the county 
constitute the board. These supervisors may serve on county board committees and receive compensation 
as members of the county board of supervisors (County Law, Section 200). Currently, 17 counties operate 
under the board of supervisors structure, while the remaining 40 counties outside of New York City operate 
under the legislative structure.  
Deputy Supervisor  
A town board may decide to establish the office of deputy supervisor. If it does, that official is appointed by 
the supervisor or by the town board if the supervisor fails to do so within five days after the establishment 
of the office, or within five days after a vacancy occurs in the office. Any person, including a town officer or 
employee, may be appointed deputy supervisor. If a town officer or employee is appointed deputy 
supervisor, that person may receive extra pay. The deputy supervisor does not sit on the county board and 
has no vote on the town board unless the deputy is also a town board member and entitled to a vote by 
virtue of that office (Town Law, Section 42).  
Town Clerk  
The town clerk is also clerk of the town board but has no vote. The clerk is in charge of most town records, 
issues certain licenses and permits, files reports with county and State agencies as required, is involved with 
election administration, posts legal notices, and is, in many ways, a pivot around which the town operates 
(Town Law, Section 30).12 Information for Town Officials  
PAGE 65 
Town Justice  
Town justices have jurisdiction in criminal and civil matters, and in special proceedings as conferred by law 
(Town Law, Section 31; Uniform Justice Court Act). The Office of the State Comptroller (OSC) provides a 
separate publication for Town Justices entitled Handbook for Town and Village Justices and Court Clerks. 
The handbook, which provides guidance on the reporting and handling of fines, is available online at 
http://www.osc.state.ny.us/localgov/ pubs/jch.pdf.  
Superintendent of Highways  
The town superintendent of highways is primarily responsible for the maintenance and repair of town 
highways and bridges, and the removal of obstructions caused by brush and snow. The Superintendent 
generally has the power to hire, subject to appropriations established by the town board, and direct 
highway department employees for those purposes. The salary and expenses of the superintendent and 
the deputy (if any) and certain other administrative expenses are paid from the general fund. Other highway 
expenses are generally paid from the highway fund (Highway Law, Section 141; Town Law, Section 32).  
Assessor  
The assessor or board of assessors is charged with the responsibility of assessing real property in the town 
for purposes of taxation (Town Law Section 33, Real Property Tax Law Section 102(3), see generally, Real 
Property Tax Law Article 5, Title 1).  
Board of Assessment  
A board of assessment review hears complaints of property owners on grievance day and may make 
adjustments to assessments. The board of assessment review consists of at least three but not more than 
five members appointed by the town board. The majority of the members cannot be officers and employees 
of the town. The town assessor may not serve as a board of assessment review member (Real Property Tax 
Law, Sections 102 (3), (4), and 523).  
Collecting Real Property Taxes  
The responsibility for collecting town, county and special district taxes may be performed by either a tax 
collector or a receiver of taxes and assessments, depending on a town’s classification and structure. The 
taxes collected are turned over to the proper agencies. School taxes are ordinarily levied separately, using 
a duplicate copy of the assessment roll provided for the school board. A receiver in a town of the first class 
generally collects school taxes unless there has been an agreement with the school board to the contrary.  
Town Law spells out the general powers and duties of town officials responsible for collecting taxes (Town 
Law, Sections 35, 36, and 37). In towns of the second class, the office of tax collector or receiver may be 
PAGE 66 
abolished by a resolution of the town board. If these offices are abolished, the duties of tax collection must 
then be performed by the town clerk. Chapter 1 - Town Classes, Officers and Districts 13  
Town Director of Purchasing  
Any town, by resolution, may establish the office of director of purchasing. Centralizing the purchasing 
function in the office of director of purchasing can promote sound purchasing practices by concentrating 
knowledge of purchasing laws, practices and market conditions in one official. In addition, creation of this 
position segregates the purchasing function from other components of the purchasing process, such as the 
receiving and audit functions, thereby improving internal control (Town Law, Sections 20 (3) (e), and 41-b).  
Town Attorney  
Any town may establish the office of town attorney, appoint an individual to serve in that position and fix 
the salary for that position. The individual serving as town attorney is a town officer. Towns that have 
established the office and appointed a town attorney may also contract with other attorneys or law firms 
to provide assistance to the town attorney for specific purposes. Towns that have not established the office 
of town attorney may contract with an outside attorney or law firm to provide professional services and 
legal advice (Town Law, Section 20(2)).  
Town Comptroller  
The town board of any town of the first class, or any town of the second class with a population over 40,000 
according to the latest federal census or State enumeration, may adopt a resolution establishing the office 
of town comptroller and appoint an individual to serve in that position (Town Law, Section 20 (3) (b) ). 
Generally, when a comptroller has been appointed, that individual takes over certain duties that otherwise 
would be the responsibility of the town board and town clerk. These duties include auditing, allowing or 
rejecting claims; preparing abstracts; and filing claims and other related functions. The duties of a town 
comptroller also include auditing the books and records of town officers and employees who received or 
disbursed moneys during the fiscal year (Town Law, Section 34). The town board may also take action to 
confer certain other duties upon the town comptroller, such as being the accounting officer for the town.  
Other Offices  
There are numerous other appointive town offices, including engineer, constable, police officer and dog 
control officer.  
Boards And Special Districts  
Population density, public health and safety concerns, community needs or other circumstances may call 
for special services to be provided in only certain parts of a town. Town Law authorizes the creation of 
PAGE 67 
special districts or improvement areas to provide certain improvements and services to certain parts of a 
town. Numerous types of special districts may be created to provide services such as water, sewer, drainage, 
park, ambulance, public parking, lighting, sidewalk, snow removal, refuse and garbage. 
14 Information for Town Officials  
The approval of the State Comptroller is generally required if the cost of the establishment or extension of 
a special district will be financed by debt and the cost of the district or extension to the “typical property” 
is above the average estimated cost threshold annually computed by the State Comptroller for similar types 
of districts. The State Comptroller must determine whether the public interest will be served by the 
establishment or extension of the district and whether the costs will be an undue burden upon the 
properties benefited.  
The affairs of special districts are generally governed by the town board, but in some instances may be 
handled by a separately elected board of commissioners. Special districts are funded by assessments upon 
the property owners who benefit from the services, as well as by user charges (see Town Law, Articles 12, 
12-A, 13, and 15). 
PAGE 68 
 
PAGE 69 
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
 
 
Prophet Drew Ali port records from representing the Moorish Americans as Head of state @ the Pan
American Convention in Habana Cuba 1928 
 
 
PAGE 70 
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
 
 
 
Verification of SGS DM E. Mealy El victory it also speaks to the authenticity of the MSTA Body Politic 
PAGE 71 
The Divine Nation-states Social Compact 
PAGE 72 
 
PAGE 73 
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
 
The Holy Prophets Mission expressed in this hieroglyphic  
 
 
PAGE 74 
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
 
 
9 
 
PAGE 75 
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
 
 
 
The Royal Prince (Hieroglyphic)  
 
All rights reserved. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study, research, criticism or 
review, as permitted under the Copyright, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a 
retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, electrical, chemical, mechanical, 
optical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the copyright owner. 
Enquires should be address to the Publishers. Publishers : Noble Academic Society in association with 
Moorish American Scholar  
Editorial by CaHIRAM©, Page layout, Cover designed by Royal Genealogy Library staff of CaHIRAM© 
Printed & Made in Amexem; distributed by Navigatoors Trade and Transportation Group  
01.07 Jones Bey’s The Two Edge Sword The Book of Divine Laws and Laws; New Era Of Ali 126 AB- July 30, 
2012 
Moorish American Historical Institution & Royal Archive of California This booklet has been approved by 
Grand Sheik Bro. C. Jones Bey 
Dedication 
For my Mother and Father; also my enlightener J. Johnson Bey and the Members of MSTofA No. 24 Los 
Angeles California. And Members of the Moorish Science Temple of America. 
Readers my care to note that the original copies of photos and documents are from the Royal Archives of 
CaHIRAM. 
Editors note 
We would like to extend our appreciation to you the academic for your support in our efforts to uplift 
fallen humanity through scientific research of the Truth and Divine Truth and the propagation thereof. 
L.T.P.F.J.. 
PAGE 76 
All praises are due to the Great God, our Father God-Allah, 
The Lord of all the worlds, most wise, and beneficent, master of the Day of Judgment, 
incomprehensible, we give you all praise and love Allah. 
We give the highest honors we can to our Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali, who brought us 
the everlasting gospel to the fallen son and daughters of North America that we may learn 
to love instead of hate and be redeemed from our sinful ways; being ignorant to our 
forefathers National and Divine Creed, and manifest as the principles of moral 
righteousness, Love, Truth, Peace, Freedom so Justice may take its course. We give 
honors to the forerunner of the Prophet the Honorable Marcus M. Garvey who did prepare 
the people to receive the Redeemer, Noble Drew Ali; and manifested Purity so that we 
may see Allah’s Holy Prophet. 
We give honors to our Flag the all red flag with a five pointed green star in the middle, 
honor to our Divine Constitution and By-Laws and everything Moorish and to all 
members of the Moorish Science Temple of America whom honors are due may Allah be 
pleased with our work. 
The Beginning Peace 
PAGE 77 