Title: Oral Statements and Prophecies of Noble Drew Ali

“If you doubt that I am a Prophet, watch my Prophecies” 
- Prophet Noble Drew Ali


1. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali told the Moors, "I brought you everything it takes to save a nation, take it and save yourself." When He said that, the Prophet was holding up a Holy Koran of the Moorish Science Temple of America and a Questionnaire to show us the books we need to save ourselves with.

2. The Holy Prophet told the Moors, "Children, you are at home, and the European is 3,000 miles from home, and he is going to have to take some water". Reported by Bro. O. Payton-Bey, Temple 25, Detroit, Michigan.

3. Bro. I. Cook-Bey and other Moors said The Holy Prophet said, "My good Moors are going to live."

4. The Holy Prophet said, "I am going to stop the European from thinking, and start you 
(The Moors) to thinking for your own good."

5. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "If you got people in the 
South, get them out, because that is where destruction is going to start."

6. The Holy Prophet told The Moors, "For the various lynchings and murders that were 
committed in the South; the South is going to have to pay off, and pay off in blood."

7. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said the Holy Prophet would say, "Every word that 
I speak is spirit, and you Moors had better heed."

8. Bro. G. Cook-Bey, G.S. of Temple 1, Chicago, III. Said that the Holy Prophet said, "Look 
around and where you see people; one day, wild animals will be roaming down the streets."

9. Bro. J. Foster-Bey, Asst. G.S. of Temple 25 and a member of Temple 4 in the 1920's said 
that the Holy Prophet said, "When the fire comes, I will be the water."

10. Moors that saw and heard the Holy Prophet said that He said, "What are all these people doing here. There is only going to be a handful saved. I can count them on my fingers, and have fingers left over." 

11. Sister M. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, 
"I have got airplanes, zeppelins, and apparatus. I am going to take my good Moors up in 
an apparatus on an incline until it’s all over with." 

12. Bro. B. Jones El of Temple 43 heard the Holy Prophet, say, "One day, they are going to tear down all the churches and take the bells and melt them down, and make bullets to fight with."

13. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "One day, every wheel of industry is going to stop, and when they start up again, it will be in the Asiatics’ favor."

14. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "If the European be just, they would 
have an Asiatic Vice-President, and if they had an Asiatic President, they would have a 
European Vice-President." 

15. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "In the year 2000, the Moors will come into their own." 

16. Bro. O. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day your 
biggest trouble won’t be getting with European women, it will be fighting them off." 

17. Sister M. Tiggs El of Temple 9 said that the Holy Prophet said, "When the Europeans go 
back to Europe, the climate would go back to what it used to be." 

18. Sister M. Tiggs El said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors that "before the European 
came here (to North America), that the bananas were large, and the grapes were 
four-in-hand, it took two men with hand-sticks to carry one bunch of grapes." 

19. The Holy Prophet told the Moors that "when destruction comes, I am going to leave enough fine buildings, so that my good Moors will be able to enjoy them."

20. Bro. G. Cook-Bey, G.S. of Temple 1 said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day, women are going to be chasing men like a hound running after a rabbit." 

 21. Bro. T. Booker Bey, Grand Natl. Treasurer said that the Holy Prophet said, "The European will not be able to remove all the wealth from the land. After he goes back to Europe, mountains of gold would be revealed to the Moors."

22. Bro. B. Jones El of Temple 43 heard the Holy Prophet say, "Children, you are just plain rich."

23. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "The European is going to have to pay our people off for the work that they did in slavery, and pay off in compounded interest." 

24. The Holy Prophet told the Moors that "one day you will go to the store, and there will be soldiers there with guns with bayonets on them, and they will not let you enter. They will order you to move on."

25. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. of Illinois, said that the Holy Prophet said. "One day, the Europeans are going to lock the food up in warehouses, put soldiers around them to guard them, and you will go anywhere he says to get something to eat."

26. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day the European is going to let you down. You are going to have to put up a 90 day supply of food to last you until your brothers come to your rescue from the East."

27. Bro. R. Wise-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day, some of 
you old Moors are going to be so hungry that you are going to bite into your own flesh, and blood will skeet out, and you are going to get angry with yourself, because you didn't put up enough food."

28. Bro. A. Wise-Bey, Grand Natl. Secretary said that the Holy Prophet said, "I didn’t tell 
anyone where I was born at or who my parents were, because I didn’t want people to make a shrine out of the place or make over my parents like was done with Joseph and Mary."

29. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, Grand Natl. Treas. said that the Holy Prophet said, "The Moors were once sea-faring people and fed the world, the time is going to come, when we would go back and feed the world again".

30. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali showed Bro. T. Booker-Bey and some other Moors one night, a spot in Chicago, Illinois, where a Moabite Queen ruled from. Her name was Queen Netha, and she waged war against five Pharaohs. At that spot, the Holy Prophet dug down into the ground, and pulled up a metal bar with foreign writing on it.

31. Sister M. Tiggs El and other Moors reported that the Holy Prophet said that "Chicago, 
Illinois is going to be our new Mecca."

32. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali told the Moors that "Chicago is doomed and Detroit 
must go down for what they have done to I, your Prophet."

33. Sister M. Howell-Bey of Temple 19, Flint, Michigan heard the Holy Prophet say, "One day, grass is going to grow up in Detroit." 

34. The Holy Prophet told the Moors to "try to live close together."

35. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 heard the Holy Prophet aid, "We have the blood of every nation flowing through our veins, thereby bringing about a cross spirit."

36. Sister M. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 heard the Holy Prophet say, "The Italians have our blood (The blood of the Moors) mixed in their veins, that is why they are so mean."

37. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 heard the Holy Prophet say "We (The Moors) are 
a hard-head, stiff-neck, mean set of people that have never did anything except at the point of a sword."

38. Bro. I. Cook Bey, G.G. of Ill. heard the Holy Prophet speak a parable. He said, "I remember when I was on the soul-plane. I remember when I was Noah. Noah was a carpenter, and he built the Ark. When the flood came, men came swimming out to the Ark, and knocked on the door, and said, ‘Noah, Noah, let us in,’ and I told them, ‘The door is locked, and an angel came, and took the key away.’" 

39. Bro. I. Cook-Bey. G.G. of Ill. told Bro. R. Love El, G.S. of the M.S.T. of A. and Bro. C. Tyson-Bey, Chr. of the M.S.T. of A. reported about the time, when the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali and Bro. C. Kirkman-Bey went to the Pan American Conference in 1928. At that time, the Holy Prophet went there and represented the Moors, and there was an Indian Chief representing the American Indians. The Conference was in Havana, Cuba, and the nations of North, South and Central America were present. Former Secretary of State Hughes of the United States represented the United States at this conference. Bro. C. Kirkman-Bey was the interpreter for the Holy Prophet at this conference. Bro. I. Cook-Bey said that when the Holy Prophet and Bro. C. Kirkman Bey's ship was tied up at the dock, the Cuban army was standing on the dock, and Bro. Kirkman-Bey said something to them in Spanish, and the army came to attention, then he and the Holy Prophet came down from the ship. At the conference, Bro. C. Kirkman-Bey addressed the conference in both Spanish and Arabic, and when the former Secretary of State of the United States, Charles Evans Hugh. heard Bro. Kirkman-Bey speak, he said, "That's a dangerous man." Up to that period of time, the United States was operating off of an expired 50 year mandate for this land. At this conference, the mandate for this land was reportedly given to Prophet Noble Drew Ali. Bro. G. Cook-Bey, G.S. of Temple One reportedly said that "Prophet Noble Drew Ali showed us the mandate in the Adept Chamber."

40. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. of Ill, said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali told the Moors that "The Europeans went to the Moroccan government, and asked for permission to come over here (to North America) to develop this land, and they were given a 50 year mandate to do so. Then the Europeans went to an old Sheik and asked him to give them some people to help them to develop this land. The Sheik told them to “take those Moors, because they are not going to do anything."

41. Sister M. Lovett El, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "I had to go around my elbow to get to my thumb to get what I wanted established in this government."

42. Sister M. Howell-Bey of Temple 19 said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali, while 
speaking would jump up in the air and laugh, and say "Rome, 2000 years ago, you got me, 
but I got you today." 

43. Sister M. Lovett-Bey, G.G. of Ill. said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "I placed a ball on Babylon, and it is rolling down, and anyone that gets in the way, is going to be ground to powder." 

44. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. of Ill. And other Moors said that the Holy Prophet said, "You tore 
up everything that was brought to you, but I brought you something that you can’t tear up. It will tear you up." 

45. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, 
"I am going to leave the European here, just long enough to teach you how to run a 
government." 

46. Sister M. Tiggs El of Temple 9 said that the Holy Prophet said, "I am going to repeat myself."

47. Bro. G. Cook-Bey, G.S. of Temple 1 said that the Holy Prophet said that "if you have a 
dream and you forget what you dreamed, to remember it, place your forehead face down 
on your pillow, and you will remember it."

48. The Holy Prophet said, "If you dream of me, it is like seeing me for true, because the devil cannot steal my appearance." 

 49. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, Grand Natl. Treasurer said that when at a meeting where the Holy 
Prophet was present, he saw 10 Arabians, 5 Turks, 2 Chinese, and 1 Japanese join the Moorish Science Temple of America, and the Secretary asked the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali, "Prophet, these people have got their nationality, what should I put on their Nationality Card?" The Prophet said “The Moors were the first people, and all other people that use our name were adopted in to our tribe.”

50. Bro, J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that he heard the Holy Prophet say "People left the Garden of Eden, and died by the thousands, but it was the Moors that were able to 
traverse the desert, go into other parts of the world to inhabit."

51. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 heard the Holy Prophet say, "When the wild beast 
roamed the earth in large numbers, and you could hear the large birds flapping their wings at a long distance, it was the Moors that took the sword and went out and slayed the beast so that civilization could come in."

52. Sister M. Payton-Bey of temple 4 and 25, and Bro. J. Davis G.G. of Michigan heard the 
Holy Prophet ask the Moors in Detroit, Michigan, "how would you like to have your own 
Mayor and Chief of Police?" 

53. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Before the End of Time, every knee will bow to Islam." 

54. In the late 1920's, when there were thousands of Moors in the Moorish Science Temple of America, the Holy Prophet told the moors "The membership is going to dwindle down to a handful, but keep the doors open, and I will drive the Asiatics in." The Holy Prophet said, 
"When I drive the Asiatics in, it’s going to take 10 secretaries, just to write the names down." 

55. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said the Holy Prophet said, "When I raise my flood gate, it's going to take 16 secretaries to write down the names."

56. Bro. O. Payton-Bey G.S. of Branch Temple 25 (Ecorse, Michigan) said that the Holy 
Prophet said, "Let all old business stay as it is, and all new business, do it in your free 
national name." 

57. Sister A. Brown H of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Prophet told the Moors, "Watch the 
newspapers and listen to the radio, I am going to make the European tell the truth." 

58. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey told the Moors that the Holy Prophet said that "things are going back to the horse and buggy days."

59. Bro. B. Jones El, Asst. G.S. of Temple 43 heard the Holy Prophet said, "Children, one day, you are going to love me." 

60. The Holy Prophet told the Moors, "I am due in the East right now. I am going to have to go and straighten out the East, and then I will end up in the West. This (The West) will be the easiest. You will be able to be down and sleep, and wake up in peace. This will be, just a breakfast fight. By the time you eat breakfast, it will all be over with." 

61. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, G.N. Treasurer said the Holy Prophet said, "One day, blood is going 
to flow in the streets up to a horse's brow."

62. The Holy Prophet said. "One day, bombs are going to fall so that they won’t miss a spot as wide as my shoe." He said that “you are going to need a basement to hide in.” 

63. The Holy Prophet asked the Moors, "How many of you can do something?" (Some say that he was inquiring as to how many of them could work magic, etc.) Some of the Moors stood up. The Prophet pointed his finger at them, and said, "I am going to kill you all." 

64. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "Don’t worry about how you are going to be saved. It will be done in a conflict that cannot be told in words."

65. Sister M. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "I got here, just in time." She said that the Europeans were looking for him with airplanes, and with 
dreadnoughts. When the Holy Prophet came into the country (The U.S.) He was asked, 
“Where are those books that you have?” She said that the Prophet just smiled, but He told the Moors that He had the book in His head. When the Holy Prophet dictated verses of the Holy Koran of the Moorish Science Temple of America to the printer, He did it from memory. The printer was amazed!

66. Sister M. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "I have got the world in a jug, and the stopper in my hand." Others said that the Holy Prophet said, "I have got the world in a jug, and the stopper in my hand. I have got the Asiatic, and I have got the European. I have got the silver and I have got the gold."

67. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "It will take 50 years to find out what I brought you, and if you are not careful, 50 years after I am gone, you won’t know that I have been here."

68. The Holy Prophet told the Moors, "I brought you something that you can shout about."

69. Bro. G. Cook-Bey, G.S. of Temple 1 related that he had set up a meeting of Christian 
preachers to meet with the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali to see whether these preachers would follow the Holy Prophet. Bro. G. Cook-Bey had these ministers assembled, and he was addressing them before the Holy Prophet came to the meeting. One of the preachers said, “If He (speaking of the Holy Prophet) could do what Moses could, I would follow Him.” The Holy Prophet was not present in the room when this statement was made, and the meeting place was on the third floor of the building that they were in. When the Holy Prophet arrived at the meeting, He told the preacher, "I can do what Moses did, but if I came walking into the meeting with a lion on a chain, you would jump out of the window and kill yourself."

70. The Holy Prophet told the Moors "Don’t endanger your life with a fool."

71. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Before one jot or 
title of my word fail to come to pass, heaven and earth will pass away."

72. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "There is going to be an earthquake 
that will split the United States in two." 

73. Bro. E. Thomas El of Temple 4 and 43 said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day, 50 
pound hail stones are going to fall."

74. The Holy Prophet said, "If my Principles are carried out (Love, Truth, Peace, Freedom, 
and Justice), the United States will be the richest and most prosperous country on the earth, if not, the worst is yet to come."

75. The Holy Prophet told the Moors, "The times that have been, won’t be no more." 

76. The Holy Prophet let the Moors know that He was Jesus. He said, "Those that were with 
me 2000 years ago, are with me today, and those that were against me 2000 years ago, are against me today."

77. Prophet Noble Drew Ali told the Moors, "Moors, be yourself." 

78. The Holy Prophet said, "Moors, study yourself." 

79. Sister Gaddy-Bey of Tempe 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Children, your hair is not kinky. It is woolly like your Brother Jesus." 

80. Bro. T. Booker-Bey. G.N. Treasurer said that the Holy Prophet said that "The Moors were the off-springs of Kings and Queens."

81. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "Allah alone is perfect."

82. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "Allah alone guides the destiny of the Moorish 
Science Temple of America."

83. Sister M. Howell-Bey of Temple 19 said that the Holy Prophet said that when the 
Europeans asked him, "Will we be saved this time?" The Holy Prophet said,"If you do, it will be through them." (the Moorish Americans)

84. The Holy Prophet told the Moors that "The Europeans were not going to give up until he looked death in the face".

85. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey told the Moors that the Holy Prophet said, "It doesn’t make any 
difference which way things look like they are going, it's all going to end up in the Asiatics 
hands."

86. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali told the Moors, "Children, when you get on top, treat 
him nice." 

87. Sister M. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Let your good deeds out number your bad deeds, and when you pass away, you won’t have anything to worry about."

88. Sister M. Payton-Bey said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "I have got detectives 
everywhere."

89. Bro. J. Blakely Bey said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors to "Not throw away your 
slave names, because we have a birth-right under them. For the work that our ancestors did in slavery time, we will be paid off for this, and with compounded interest."

90. The Holy Prophet told the Moors to "get a good European education, and I can use you."

91. Sister M. Payton-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "The biggest fool is the educated fool."

92. Bro. O. Payton-Bey of temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "The foreign 
language that we most need to learn is Spanish."

93. Bro. W. Davis El, G.G. of Michigan said that the Holy Prophet said, "Don’t even carry a 
pocket Knife."

94. Bro. J. Brown El of Temple 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day, people are going to be so hungry that the only way that you will be able to turn them away, will be at the point of a gun." 

95. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "The third and fourth generation will see the good of my work." 

96. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "Take a good look at me, so that you will know me when you see me." She also said that the Holy 
Prophet said. "When you see me don’t speak to me unless I speak to you first." 

97. Bro. Smith-Bey of Temple 3 and 9 stated that some Asiatics paid some hit-men (killers) to kill the Holy Prophet. When the hit-men went to the temple, where the Holy Prophet was 
teaching, that they opened the door, and found the temple building full of soldiers. The 
hit-men went back to the people that hired them, and told them, "don’t you pay us to do 
anything to any of those Moorish-Americans."

98. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, G.N.T. said that the Holy Prophet gave a party for the Moors, and that the Prophet had everything fixed up nice. He even had pool tables for their enjoyment. The Moors were happy, and the Holy Prophet said, "I am happy, when my Moors are happy." But some unconscious Asiatics tried to break up the party. When they tried, some of the Moors, who were members of the National Guard, went to the Armory, and came back to the party with army tanks, trucks, and guns. When the Asiatics saw this, they took off with such fright that some of them ran into buildings, and knocked themselves out. He said that the word got out, "Don’t mess with Prophet Noble Drew Ali, because He is connected with the government."

99. Bro. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "Don’t name your children Ali."

100. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 told the Moors that the Holy Prophet said. "When the Moors ruled Spain, we had street lights in Seville, Spain 400 years before they had them anywhere else in Europe." 

101. Bro. T. Booker-Bey. G.N.T. said that he was walking down the street in Chicago, Illinois, and an Arabian came out of a store, and asked him to come into the store. He went with him. The Arabian pointed at a man, and asked him. "Do you know who this is?" Bro. Booker-Bey said, "That is my Prophet." The Holy Prophet said, "all right son."  The store was full of Arabians, and Bro. T. Booker-Bey said that all of them had Nationality Cards for the Moorish Science Temple of America.

102. Moors that were in the Temple during the lifetime of the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said that when the Holy Prophet came to town, you would have to go to the temple early to get a seat, and you could not get a seat in the front row because the foreign Moslems would be sitting in the front row to see and hear the Holy Prophet.

103. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali use to heal people, and people came to him for counsel. Bro. G. Cook-Bey, G.S. of Temple One said that when he was in Baltimore, Md. the Holy Prophet was healing people. Bro. G. Cook-Bey went to the head of the stairs, and told the people, "The Prophet is tired He has been healing people all day long Go home."

104. Sister E. Sims El of Temple 4 and 43 said that she went-to the Holy Prophet, because she had been sick. The Holy Prophet listened to her, and said, "Sister, you are going to get well." But that is as much of that meeting that she related, but her husband, Bro. R. Sims El, G.S. of Temple 4 said that the Holy Prophet said to her also, "Sister, go to the Temple, if you have got to crawl."

105. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said in the 1920s, 
"Some of my best Moors are still in the church."

106. Bro. O. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "There are going to be new Moors that are going to come in with their eyes wide open, seeing and knowing, that are going to take you old Moors, seat you in the back, and carry out my law." 

107. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "Moslems are not made, 
they are born."

108. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 told the Moors that the Holy Prophet said, "I can throw out a spirit that would make the Moors want to fight, and then throw out another spirit that would bring them back to peace."

109. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, G.N.T said at one night's temple meeting, a dirty-Moor tried to attack the Holy Prophet with a knife. The Moors in attendance just stood there. After the event, the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "I have got a good mind to leave you." Bro. T. Booker-Bey said that the Moors got down on their knees, and begged the Prophet not to leave them. After their begging the Holy Prophet not to leave, a man appeared in the room that looked like a Turk, and he said, "If you harm a hair of his head we will come and destroy you all."

110. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors that 
“The climate was going to change. The cold weather will be in the South, and the warm 
weather will be in the North.” 

111. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, G.N.T. said that the Holy Prophet said, "I like good peas and beans. I am going to save 8% of the Europeans, because they are good farmers." 

112. Sister A. Brown and Bro. C. Barker-Bey, G.M. said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "Don’t let none of those foreign Moslems get up in your rostrum." 

113. Sister M. Tiggs El of Temple 9 said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day, you are going to smell the Europeans before you see them, in boxcars, going back to Europe." 

114. The Holy Prophet said. "If you steal my money, it’s going to burn up in your pocket."

115. Bro. J. Gill-Bey of Temple 4. 25 and the Moorish Home office #1 said the Holy Prophet said. "If you have money, and don’t give it to me I am going to get it anyway.”

116. The Holy Prophet told the Moors that "One day, there are going to be so few people, that when you see an old Moor, you will run up to him, and kiss him all on top of his head." 

117. The Holy Prophet told the Moors that "There will be so few men, that a child will go to the store, and return home, and tell his mother, "Mother, I saw a man."

118. Sister M. Howell El of Temple 19 said that the Holy Prophet pointed his finger, and said, "My sheep know the sound of my voice; a stranger will not follow."

119. Sister M. Howell El of Temple 19 said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "I brought you your nationality, your religion, and title to your vast estate. What do you want me to do; kill you?" 

120. Bro. G. Cook-Bey. G.S. of Temple 1 said the Holy Prophet said, "While I am talking to you Moors, my spirit is over in India with them, and those old sisters are jumping this high (They were jumping as high as He was holding his hand), because of my coming to them."

121. Sister M. Howell El said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "I am going to burn up sin, both root and branch."

122. Sister M. Howell El said that Bro. C. Kirkman-Bey told her that the Holy Prophet said, "Anytime a Moslem goes into a church for any reason; it ceases to be church, and it is a temple."

123. Sister M. Howell El said that the Holy Prophet said, "You can walk down the street by yourself now, but one day, you won’t be able to do that."

124. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet said, "I have got two wives. One day, you will be able to have two, or as many as you can afford."


125. Bro. O. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "I am going to let the fire touch some of you old Moors' shirt-tail." 


126. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, G.N.T. said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors "I am going to let the fire scorch some of my good Moors." 

127. Bro. E. Thomas El of Temple 43 said the Holy Prophet said, "Money will be burnt in the streets, and we won't be able to buy much; and when I put my spirit in the streets, you won't be able to sell your car for 25 cents." 

 128. Bro. E. Thomas said that the Holy Prophet said, "They will seek peace, but none shall be found." 

 129. Bro. E. Thomas El said that the Holy Prophet said, "All nations will turn against the United States, one day."

130. The Holy Prophet said, "One day, the United States will not be able to do any business, unless they do it through the Asiatics." 

131. Sister M. Howell-Bey of Temple 19 said that the Holy Prophet said, "I am going to stop the Europeans from thinking if two or three of them get together on something, they will go back, and tear it up.”

132. During the time of the Holy Prophet, one of the Sisters in Chicago, Illinois was living loosely, and going in the alley to so act with her turban on. The Holy Prophet told the Moors, "Stay out of the alley with your turbans on."

133. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 told the Moors that the Holy Prophet told the Moors in Detroit, Michigan to "Carry your fez to the temple". This was supposedly said because some Moors were wearing their fezzes in bars and other places of ill repute.

134. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey told the Moors that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "People are going to be dying like hogs with the cholera, and the doctors won’t know what is wrong with them. The only thing that is going to save them is my remedies." 

135. Sister M. Lovett El G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet said, "My remedies will cure you of anything that you weren’t born with." 


136. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said that "We are going to be taxed to death." 

137. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey told the Moors that the Holy Prophet said, "Atlantis is going to arise again." 

138. J. Blakely Bey told the Moors that the Holy Prophet said, "If you are not careful, your own brothers will try to put you in slavery." 

139. Bro. J. Blakely Bey told the Moors that the Holy Prophet said, "If you don't leave here right with me this time, you won’t make it back here in human form."

140. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day, some of you Moors are going to be walking around with skippers (those are maggots) falling out of you, praying to die, and won’t be able to die." 

141. Sister A. Brown El said that the Holy Prophet said, "Moors look your best." 

142. Sister M Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Try to have your temples in buildings, where the meetings are on the second floor, like the Masons." 

143. Bro. O. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "I took the cover off all the secret organizations." 

144. The Holy Prophet said, "Imitate I, The Prophet." And He said, "Moorish Leaders, live a life of love, so that you will be loved as I the Prophet is loved." 

145. Sister M. Tiggs El said that the Holy Prophet said that "At the End of time, those that will be in the apparatus will be able to look down on earth, see people that you know, fleeing for their life."

146. The Holy Prophet told the Moors that "They sleep too much".

147. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "Children, sow good seeds."

148. Sister, M. Payton Bey, G.N.T. said that the Holy Prophet said, "You are from Missouri, I have got to show you." 

149. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, G.N.T. said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "In two weeks, I am going down South. When I get down there, the Ku Klux Klan is going to stop me. At first, it is going to look like they are against me. Then they are going to lead me where I am going." 

150. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet said, "If you doubt that I am a prophet, watch my prophecies." 

151. The Holy Prophet told the Moors, "You are going to be saved in a conflict that cannot be told in words."

152. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Don’t throw away your Bibles, because I am going to use them to condemn the government." 

153. The Holy Prophet said, "This is the uniting of Asia."

154. Bro. G. Cook-Bey, G.S. of Temple One said that he asked the Holy Prophet to tell him about a particular star in the heavens, and the Holy Prophet told him,"If you go and get 10 people, I will tell you about that star." Bro. Cook Bey said that he could not get anyone, and he returned to the Holy Prophet, and informed him of that. The Holy Prophet told him, "I could tell you some things that would turn your brain to water."

155. Bro. I Cook-Bey, G.G. of Illinois, said that the Holy Prophet said, "You can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make him drink. I am going to lead some of you Moors all the way up to salvation, and you are going to turn around and go the other way." 

156. Bro. I. Cook-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "I am a General as well as a Prophet." "I was Mohammed. Mohammed defeated the Roman Empire. When I conquered Rome, we went in with the sword. You could hear the swords swinging. I cut the head of Rome off; pulled down the flags; sent letters to the other European governments, and asked them was I right. They said, "Yes Mohammed, you are right. Just let us have a place to live." The Holy Prophet said, "I went into Rome with 72,000 men. When I ran out or men, I reached down, and picked up a hand full of sand, I threw it up in the air, and when it came down, there were soldiers seated on camels." 

157. Bro. I. Cook-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "The only thing that would surprise me, is if a Moor would do right." 

158. Bro. I. Cook-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day, you are going to look for the good Moors, and you won’t be able to find them." 

159. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said the Holy Prophet said, "Your Nationality Card is going to change on you in your pocket." 

160. The Holy Prophet said, "I am not going to wake up all the Asiatics at once, because they may tear up something." 

161. The Holy Prophet said, "If my own mother is not right, I am not going to let her get by" 

162. The Holy Prophet said, "Pray you don't have to make your flight in the winter time" 

163. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "If you put your hand to the gospel plow and turn loose, it would be better, if you never took hold." 

164. The Holy Prophet said, "Woe upon the one that scatters my flock."

165. The Holy Prophet said, "Woe upon the man that calls himself a Jew."

166. The Holy Prophet said, "One day you will see a $20.00 bill in the street, and would not bend over to pick it up." 

167. Bro. G. Cook-Bey, G.S. of Temple 1 said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "One day, you are going to look out into the streets, and the streets are going to be filled with men with turbans and fezzes, and the highways are going to be blocked."

168. The Holy Prophet said, "A good Moorish leader must study his Holy Koran and Divine Constitution and By-laws." 

169. Sister M. Tiggs El of Temple 9 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Cats are evil spirits, and if you knew what a black cat was, you would not want one around."

170. Sister M. Tiggs El of Temple 9 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Don’t keep dogs in your house, because if you inhale one of its hairs, it could cut your throat."


171. Sister M. Tiggs El of Temple 9 said the Holy Prophet said, "You say that you want some pure meat to eat, no one is going to kill a camel for you to eat over here."

172. Sister M. Tiggs El of Temple 9 said that the Holy Prophet said, "The Moors watchdog is not a dog, but an elephant." 

173. The Holy Prophet told the Moors, "When children start crying in a meeting, take them out of the meeting." 

174. Bro. G. Cook-Bey, G.S. of Temple One said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "I am going to save you all, if I have got to kill you all." 

175. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "If I cannot teach you here, I will teach you on the soul-plane."

176. Sister M. Howell-Bey of Temple 19 said that the Holy Prophet said, "This food here is just European poison." 

177. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet said, "When I was born, it turned black dark in the day-time. The people put their hoes down, and came out of the fields."

178. Sister M. Lovett El, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet asked her, "Do you have anyone in your temple that can speak foreign languages?" She said yes. At that time, she was the Grand Sheikess of Temple 9. She said that one cold night that she took Bro. C. Kirkman-Bey to the Holy Prophet's office, where she said,"Brother Prophet, this is the Brother that I was talking about" she said, "I thought that I was introducing him to the Prophet, but they already knew each other, because they had went to school together." She said that the Holy Prophet asked Bro. C. Kirkman-Bey, “Can you speak high German?" Bro. C. Kirkman-Bey said, "Yes, but I am a little rusty." She said that the Holy Prophet reached in to a trunk pulled out a book, and dusted it off with a feather-duster, and handed it to Bro. Kirkman-Bey, and he read from it. The Holy Prophet was satisfied, and told him that He had to go down to Cuba, and He wanted him to go with Him. Bro. C. Kirkman-Bey told the Prophet that he had a wife and a child or children. The Holy Prophet let him know that they would be provided for. 

179. Before the bank crash in 1929, Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet told the Moors, "If you have money in the bank, get it out".Some said that the Prophet told the Moors to put their money in the post office. Those that obeyed the Holy Prophet saved their money, and those that did not, lost their money. Bro. C. Carriton Bey G.G. of New York said that one day he was at the annual national convention, and Bro. C. Kirkman Bey sent for him to come outside to witness something. There was a European man, his wife, and daughter there. The European man asked Bro. C. Kirkman-Bey "Where is that little man that used to be around." Bro. C. Kirkman-Bey let them know that he was no longer with us. These Europeans started crying. They were looking for the Holy Prophet. That man was able to save his money during the bank crash, because he obeyed the Holy Prophet, and took his money out of the bank.

180. The Holy Prophet told the Brothers to "Use kind words toward your wife". 

181. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "A beggar nation cannot attain to its highest degree of spirituality."

182. Sister M. Lovett El, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day, men are going to be running so fast that their coat-tails will be standing straight out. You will be able to shoot dice on their coat-tails. They are going to be running to get into the Temple. The last ones to make it into the temple will be the preachers, and the Europeans are going to be beating them over the head, driving them in."

183. The Holy Prophet said, "I am going to make the European enforce my law." 

184. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, Grand Natl. Treasurer said that the Holy Prophet said, "The Moors were living up and down the Mississippi river before the European man came here." 

185. The Holy Prophet told the Moors "That we need to have warehouses." 

186. The Holy Prophet said, "Moorish leaders, don’t burden my Moors." 

187. Bro. O. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "When you take care of Temple business go in numbers of two, three, five, and seven."

188. Sister M. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said the Holy Prophet said, "Everyone needs to have a secret." 

189. Bro. I. Foster- Bey, Bro. W. Davis El, G.G. of Michigan, and Bro. J. Blakely- Bey, who were all members of Temple 4 in Detroit, Michigan during the lifetime of the Holy Prophet, all said that at one meeting, when the Holy Prophet was in Detroit speaking in the Temple, an Asiatic got up while the Holy Prophet was speaking and said, "If that man is a prophet, I would be willing to give up my life." This angered some of the Moors that heard it. Bro. W. Davis El said that some of the Moors started moving up on this man with their hands in their pockets, and they were going to cut him to death, but the Holy Prophet held up his hand, and said, "Children, did you hear that? It is too bad." After the Holy Prophet spoke those words, this Asiatic fell back into his seat, and slumped down. When the meeting was over, the Moors carried him out of the building, he was dead.

190. Sister A, Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "If your Brother does something wrong to you, don’t call him a "nigger." Call him a dirty Moor."

191. Bro. Smith-Bey of Temple 3 and 9 said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "Boys, why don’t you be like I, your Prophet. I don’t drink, and I don’t smoke, but if you do, don’t stop it all at once. If you do, you may hurt something."

192. Sister M. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Don’t drink and come to the temple, and sit down next to people with liquor on your breath."

193. Sister M. Payton-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "If you just have to drink, go into your room." 

194. Sister M. Payton-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "If it were not for that little piece of red flannel, we would not get into so much trouble." 


195. Sister M. Payton-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "The only thing that hurts a duck is his bill." 


196. Sister M, Lovett El, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet said, "If I were you, I would get ready before you are made to do so."

197. Bro. O. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day, the United States will not be able to do any business, unless they do it through the Asiatic."

198. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. said that the Holy Prophet said "Children, if you want to come up to see me, you can." 

199. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew All said, "I come to set you free from that state of mental slavery that I found you in."

200. Bro. J. Blakely Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "Don’t put the European on your brother." 

201. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "If you go to an Adept Meeting, don’t tell anyone who does not go, what happened at the meeting." 

202. The Holy Prophet said, "A Moorish leader is not to get up to speak under the influence of liquor, or any harmful motive that will seek to break up the families of men."

203. Bro. O. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "If you have a wife, and she does not belong to the Temple, instead of giving her one apple, give her two." 

204. Bro. O. Payton Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "If someone assaults you, flee from him. If you cannot flee from him, turn around, and drop the world on him." 

205. Bro. J. Blakely Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "If you don’t leave here right with me this time, you won't make it back here in human form."

206. At the first National Moorish Science Temple of America convention, the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said "The garment that I have on represents power and if you obey my voice, you will have power with me. I am going to free you, though it’s hard, because of your mixture, which brings about many different spirits. When you fail to hear my voice, you are lost. It is against the law to stand up in any audience intoxicated. The leader is not to stay out all night, giving earnings away to someone else. You who are heads of Temples, it is easy for you to destroy the influence of the Temple; now lace up your shoes, and get right. You, stop figuring out your way, how your salvation shall come, just follow me. You can say one thing Moors, you have made a start for the kingdom. If you want success, you must follow the Prophet. Husbands take care of your wives, and families. Wives keep your homes and children clean. I have done more than you think. I want you to help me by your good deeds of living at home, and abroad. It is through your good, not with your lips, trying to be the front seat in everything, always standing in my face. Moors, be careful of your steps, leaders of Temples must be careful how they walk. They must be an example." The Holy Prophet said "I am not asleep; it will take you Moors a long time to find out what I did today. When you all go home, don’t start no stuff, for I will be right there listening at you." The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali also said, "This is no social organization, it is a divine and national movement. By you being born here doesn’t make you a citizen" (one must proclaim his nationality to be recognized as a citizen). "Look what I have on, now this was handed to me by the government. It represents the royal prince." 

207. Sister M. Whitehead El (who is Sister M. Lovett El, G.G. of Illinois, and who was the Holy Prophet's wife's aunt. She was the aunt of Sister Pearl Ali and cited the Holy Prophet in 1925 as saying, "I have mended the broken wires, and have connected them with the higher powers."

208. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "The times that have been, won’t be no more." 

209. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Some of you Moors are going to throw away your name, just for a morsel of bread."

210. Sister M. Washington El of Temple 43 said that the Holy Prophet said. "One day, there is going to be a holy war." 

211. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "There is but one Allah, one Prophet of the Temple, and one Moorish Science Temple of America." 

212. The Holy Prophet told the Moors, "I have come, and taken away all the excuses." 

213. Bro. J. Gill-Bey of Temple 4 and the colony in Prince George, VA., said that the Holy Prophet said, "I forgive you of everything that you did before I came, you are responsible for your deeds now." 

214. Sister M. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "If I tell you that I am going to do a thing, I have done it already."

215. Sister M. Payton-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "I have fixed everything; I have stopped up every rat hole."

216. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali, "I have come for the children, and the unborn generations." 

217. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet said, "There is going to be famine in the land (in the United States)."

218. The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "Chicago is going to be your new Mecca."

219. Bro. G. Cook Bey, G.S. of Temple 1 said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "The only one that works all the time, is a coolie"

220. Bro. J. Blakely Bey said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said that "The grand sheik of a temple should go to the Temple, hang the Charter on the wall, say the Moorish-American prayer, when it is time for the meeting to open, and if no one comes to the meeting after he sits and waits for one and half hours, then take the Charter down off the wall and go home."

221. Sister M. Payton-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Before the End of Time, I am going to lower down the evil spirits, and let them incarnate."

222. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet said, "I would like to save half of the people, but I am going to try to save a fourth of the people." and "There is just going to be a handful saved. I can count them on my fingers, and have fingers left over".

223. The Holy Prophet said, "One day, all of the property is going back to the government." 

224. Sister A. Brown El of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "Boil your drinking water."

225. Bro. J. Foster Bey while the Assistant Grand Sheik of Temple 25 told the Moors that the Holy Prophet told the Moors after a meeting, and most of the people had gone home, "Wake up you sleepy headed Moors. I am going to take you up above the sun, moon and stars, around the throne of the Mighty Allah." Bro. J. Foster-Bey said that the Holy Prophet took them up above the blue ethers, around the throne of Allah. This happened in Detroit, Michigan in the late 1920's. Bro. J. Foster-Bey concluded with the words, "Moors, your Prophet was a Prophet."

226. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, G.N.T. said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "I have got the Romans in the palm of my hand."

227. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, G.N.T. said that the Holy Prophet said, "The Moors are a dangerous people. I am not going to wake you all up at once; if I do, I won’t be able to do anything with you myself."

228. Sister M. Lovett El G.G. said that the Holy Prophet said, "One day, there are going to be so many women, a man is going to have to run for his life." 

229. Bro. T. Booker-Bey, G.N.T. said that the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali said, "The Moors once ruled the world; now get ready to rule it again. But this time it’s going to be done under Love, Truth, Peace, Freedom and Justice."

230. Bro. I. Cook-Bey, G.G. of Illinois said that the Holy Prophet said, "I can do what Jesus did, but you are not in the condition that those people were in".

231. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "The European is our fellow man".

232. The Prophet said, "Money does not make the man, and clothes do not make the man. It is character and free national standards that make the man". 

233. Bro. O. Payton-Bey, G.S. of Branch Temple 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "If you try to tell what a man is by looking at him, you are burnt up from the start." 


234. Bro. J. Foster-Bey of Temple 4 and 25 said that the Holy Prophet said, "If your brother wants something, give it to him so that he won’t sin." 

235. The Holy Prophet said, "I am the fifth, and last Prophet, and I am five times more powerful than I was before." 

236. The Holy Prophet told The Moors "If you want European Grand Sheiks, I can give them to you."

237. During the First Annual National Convention in 1928, one of the Grand Governors of a State failed to appear at the Convention. Bro. J. Blakely-Bey said that the Holy Prophet sent the Grand Governor a telegram informing him, that if he did not attend the Convention, that He (The Holy Prophet) was going to have the federal agents to arrest him. 

238. The Holy Prophet told the Moors, "When you get married, go before your Grand Sheik, and let him perform the ceremony". Some of the Moors did not obey The Holy Prophet's order, so He told the Moors, "Go downtown, and buy your wives from the Europeans."

239. Sis. Whitehead El stated that the Holy Prophet said "The garment I have on represents power and if you obey my voice you will have power with me. I am going to free you though it's hard because of your mixture which brings about many different spirits. When you fail to hear my voice you are lost. It is against the law to stand up in any audience intoxicated. The leader is not to stay out all night diving earnings away to someone else. You, who are heads of Temples, it is easy for you to destroy the influence of the Temple and me. Now lace up your-shoes-and-get-right!" Sis. Whitehead El stated that the Holy Prophet said "Our nationality in this government began with-the-parade." Sis. Whitehead El stated the Holy Prophet said "This is not no social organization it is a Divine and National Movement. By you being born here don't make you a citizen. Look what I have on, now this was handed to me by the government. It represents the Royal Prince."

240. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "Above all moors, don’t put the European on your brothers"

241. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "don’t try to deal out justice, for justice belongs to Allah, and Allah alone."

242. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "Moors, it will take you ten years to know what is on your nationality card, and you will be eighteen years understanding what I have come for and what I have done."

243. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "Moors don’t worry about the south, for I will take care of the south."

244. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "Don’t think that a fez or a turban on your head makes you a Moslem, Moslems are born, not made."

245. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "Islam can draw you or it can drive you, and Islam can save you or it can destroy you."

246. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "I am going to drive the Moors back home to Islam if I have to cut their bread off."

247. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "Many of you who think you are running away from the Prophet don’t know that the further you run away from me, the closer you are coming to me, and when you wind up running you will be right in my arms."

248. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "The Moorish Science Temple of America is like a wheel in a wheel turning, when I came the wheel was turning west, but since I have come I have started it to turning back east."

249. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "Celebrate my birthday January the 8th, invite your Asiatic friends to come out and enjoy it with you. Yes, bring out your baskets of food to the Temple and banquet them."

250. Bro. J. Blakely Bey stated that the Holy Prophet said "These Verbal Laws are Everlasting and Eternal just as much as my Written Laws."

251. Bro. Edward Mealy stated that the Holy Prophet said "Make yourself perfect upon all subject matters that you may act intelligent on all lines of procedures"

252. The Holy Prophet once stated that "The grand body shall make the laws and the supreme council shall interpret the laws and be the sole judges of what constitute a violation of the laws that are made"

253. Bro. Edward Mealy El stated that the Holy Prophet said "I have my number, and my work of redeeming you people is finished, and I must now go, or I can’t return; and if I don’t return, I can’t deliver you, and if I don’t deliver you, then my coming is in vain"

254. It is stated by a Moor that He (the Prophet) told the people in Chicago that he was a prophet and to prove it he said the star and crescent would appear together in the heavens on December 19th 1925, it did.

255. Bro. Edward Mealy El stated that the Holy prophet told him "YOU DO WHAT I TELL YOU, NEVER MIND WHAT THEY SAY, I HAVE GIVEN YOU LAW, KORAN, AND CONSTITUTION, AND I EXPECT YOU TO ENFORCE MY LAW, AND DO WHAT I SAY, NEVER MIND WHAT THEY SAY OR DO. THEY CAN DO NOTHING BUT DIE."

256. Bro. Edward Mealy El stated that The Holy Prophet told him "Children, there won't be but a few saved; because you are not going to do what I tell you. Your way you want, and your way you are going to have. But your way leads downward Children; so you better do like I tell you. If you do like I tell you, there is a chance for you, if not; there is nothing for you, but DEATH."

257. The Holy Prophet said "They will take this movement down so low; it will disappear from the face of the earth." 

258. The Prophet said "Hold me up and I will draw all men unto you."


259. The Prophet was quoted as saying "Asiatic Preachers and Masons will be the last to come home.  They will fight me tooth and claw but cannot win." 
