Title: The Moorish American Scholar. REGLIOUS HISTORICAL FACTS ON: NATIONALITY, IS THE ORDER OF THE DAY 
Source: MSTA #43 Literature

A Proposal To: All Asiatic’s of North America, Moors & Moorish Americans 
By Brother C. Jones Bey Member of the MSTofA aka OmniMelanic Bey 
In the Year of Our Holy Prophet Noble Dew Ali: January Twenty Third, One hundred and Twenty-Six AB   
(Profane year 2013) 
In Association with NAVIGATOORS© 
The Royal Canaanite Publishing Circle©; Los Angeles Calif. USA 
New Era of Time: 126 AB 

All Praises are due to Allah, “there is but one Allah, the author, the creator, the governor of the world, almighty, eternal and 
incomprehensible.” (MHK xxxv: 1)
KEEPING THE PROPHET OUT IN FRONT THE IMPORTANCE 
THERE OF 
ISLAM 
ALL PRAISE ARE DUE TO ALLAH  
HIGEST HONORS TO HIS PROPHET NOBLE DREW ALI, 
HONORS TO OUR FIRST SGS E. MEALY EL TO OUR CURRENT 
SGS E. BRASWELL BEY 
Allah’s Holy Prophet told E. Mealy El our first Supreme 
Grand Sheik appointed by the Prophet himself. ‘The 
Prophet told me dear Moslems.’ “I have put my law in 
your hand and my word in your mouth, and you are to 
tell them what to do, and they are to obey. Tell them my 
law hold up me before them. If you will hold me up 
before them, I will draw all men unto me.”  [RE: E. Mealy
El’s state documents (see Moorish American Scholar Hist. fact on E. 
Mealy El 1929-1934)]
The facts are: ‘There is only One Prophet and One 
Temple’; then why do we have all these sets and splinter 
groups calling themselves Moorish Science Temple of 
America etc.? It is obvious through observation and 
application that theses splinter groups do not know where 
the authority lies. We conclude that this is due to the lack 
of scientific study on the subject matter of Nationality
, 
which our Prophet Noble Drew Ali said ‘is the order of 
the day’.   
There are too many belief systems with no 
facts to determine a right understanding, thus bringing 
about a misunderstanding of what the Holy Prophet 
established, and an idea that the Prophet did not fully 
establish all it takes to save us here in North America.  
And this brings about a falsehood,(because of his 
demonstration from  1913-1929) and the mere ideas of 
man become paramount, in looking for redemption out of 
the state of being a 2nd class citizen, a corporation, 
statutory citizen, and debtor, person, Black, Colored 
Person, a Negro or African American. 
In addition, the lower self perpetuates this 
illusionary state of thinking.  ‘I can do my own thing, or 
thinking you can take a little of this Moorish Science 
(using the name Bey or El or the old Temple names 
established by the Prophet) and go out and do you with it. 
Start up little sects, clubs, 501(c) 3 corporations’ and call 
it Moorish Science this or that, so you can be the Man, 
get recognized, or play the hero.  You cannot do your own 
HERE IS WHY. Primarily doing YOUR own thing is 
not what Allah’s Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali 
established. When he came back he knew you had [and 
now have] mental slavery, and a European Psychology, 
that stagnated your progress, no knowledge of self, and 
therefore will remain a slave to everybody else.  Noble 
Drew Ali was not even doing his thing; being Allah’s 
holy prophet he was sent to bring us the everlasting 
gospel of Allah, (KQMA #40) and save us from the 
wrath of Allah, that awful day which is sure to come. 
Moreover, he did just that, and left his foot prints clearly 
cut for those of us to see which way he went. He kept the 
political complex answer to our collective problem 
wrapped up in the term ‘Nationality’ and secured it under 
Religion (check mate!!) for our in-depth research and 
made it the order of the day to show it’s priority for us to 
understand. 
NATIONALITY THE ORDER OF THE DAY 
Why is Nationality the order of the day? Has anyone ever 
answered or asked that question to their Sheik or better 
yet yourself? Good. 
The Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali and his divine 
Ministers of his cabinet gave out calling cards to the 
Asiatics of North America, which told us to… “Come all 
ye Asiastics and learn the Truth about your Nationality 
and Birthrights, because you are not colored, etc. And 
you must claim a free national name to be an American 
citizen…” Did you get your divine calling? This was the 
first document that one got from the Prophet or Sheik. If 
one would have read their calling, card and define the 
subject matter ‘nationality’ a lot of one’s own doubts 
would stop. 
thing! 
New Era of Time 126 AB 
”WHAT YOUR ANCINT FOREFATHERS WERE, YOU ARE TODAY WITHOUT DOUBT OF CONTRADICTION. THER IS 
NO ONE WHO IS ABLE TO CHANGE MAN FROM THE DESCENDANT NATURE OF HIS FOREFATHERS UNLESS HIS 
POWER EXTENDS BEYOUND THE GREAT UNIVERSAL CREATOR ALLAH HIMSELF.” (MHK XLVII:10-11)
The Original Divine Calling Cards 1916-1929 
“THE TIME HAS COME WHEN EVERY NATION MUST WORSHIP UNDER ITS OWN VINE AND FIG TREE” (MHK XLVII: 15) 
[BLK’sLaw6th] Nationality: “that quality or character which arise from the fact of a person’s belonging to a nation or state. 
Nationality determines the political status especially with reference to allegiance; while domicile determines his civil status. Nationality arises 
ether by birth or naturalization.”   Nationality affords the state jurisdiction over the person and affords the person the protection of the state. 
The two most important parts of this particular definition to understand from a scientific eye is domicile and thee most important from these 
two are political status. 
Some facts about Nationality: 1.1 is a political status, 1.2 is defined by the Constitution, which is a political document. 1.3 Is synonymous with 
being a ‘national’ within statutory law. 1.4. Gives one the right to political association. 1.5 Gives one constitutional citizenship. 1.6 Is 
associated with a specific country. 1.7 Is called a ‘political citizen’ or a citizen of the United States in a political sense, by the courts to 
distinguish it from a STATUTORY citizen. See Powel v United States, 109 F.2d 147 (1940), Nationality therefore is the principle relationship 
that connects an individual to a state. Let us Look a Political Status and begin to connect the dots.  [BLK 6th p.1158] Political: pertaining or 
relating to the policy or the administration of government, state or national. Pertaining to or incidental to, the exercise of the functions vested 
in those charged with the conduct of government; of or pertaining to exercise of rights and privileges or the influence by which individuals of 
a state seek to determine or control its public policy; having to do with organization or action of individual parties. Political status gives one 
Political Rights.  Political Rights are those, which may be exercised in the formation or administration of the government. Rights of a citizen 
established or recognized by constitution (Act 6.) which gives them the power to participate directly or indirectly in the establishment or 
administration of government. The holy Prophet was reported as saying, “I’m going to leave the European here just long enough to teach 
you how to run a government.” In addition, it all starts with understanding nationality. Nationality gives one Political Right’s within those 
political rights is the right of association to associate with your political community; the right to freedom of association and freedom from 
compelled association, (first Amendment to the Constitution). Association is the freedom to choose; choose  a domicile,(“…let the bonds of 
affection, therefore unite thee with thy brothers, that peace and happiness may dwell in thy father’s house and when ye separate in the 
world, remember the relation that bindeth you to love and unity; and prefer not a stranger before thy own blood.” HKofMSTofA XXV: 2
3) it is voluntarily entered into. Please at this stage pay very close attention….When you choose your associations (political community) 
which is determined by your ‘Domicile’  you have chosen your Civil Status  or Legal status. At this stage if one has proclaimed his nationality 
with the lawful government aka The Moorish Science Temple of America; Home Office of Noble Drew Ali, Chicago, Il USA and its lawful 
branch temples (Act 1. Additional Laws) you are a ‘National’…  (We the People) well that is yet to be determined. Let us define a few more 
terms before we move on. Domicile: a person’s legal home. That place where a man has his true fixed, and permanent home and principal 
establishment, and to which whenever he is absent has the intention of returning. Smith v. Smith 206 Pa.Super.310, 213 A.2d 94. Generally. 
Physical presence within a state and the intention to make it ones home are the request of establishing a ‘domicile’ therein. A person may 
have more than one residence but only one domicile. 
NAVIGATOORS IN ASSOCIATION WITH, THE ROYAL CANAANITE PUBLISHING CIRCLE 
LOS ANGELES CALIF. USA 
New Era of Time 126 AB 
A third prophecy is attributed to Muhammad himself, and may have formed the basis for other prophecies’. It is related that Muhammad was asked about the 
end of the world and what would happen thereafter to his community. Muhammad replied, “that the world will come to an end when the most perverse and 
worst people appear at a time when a part of his community will still be in an island situated in the extreme west…The conflict between Islam and 
Christianity will end with a return to the law of the Moors. There will be much cloud in that year, scarcity of water, trees bearing extra fruits, and other 
signs.” [emphasis added] 
The legal domicile
of a person is important since it rather than the actual 
resident often controls the jurisdiction of the taxing authorities and 
determines where a person may exercise the privileges/rights of voting 
and other legal rights and immunities. (Speaking on taxes for all you  
who are reluctant about taxes ...Being domicile and not nationality is 
what imputes a status under the tax code and a liability for tax. Tax 
liability is civil liability that attaches to civil statutory law, which 
attaches to a ‘person’ through their choice
of domicile. {Your Per
Capita Tax Card is very important. To be able to prove you pay taxes to 
your lawful Civil government were your domiciled at,} (Those with 
eyes to see and ears to hear should be tuning in about their tax 
situation...Ask you are self-can they tax a Religious Body Politic. What 
about an agent [missionary] from that Body politic? [See 1099 form; 
‘Our Authority’]) No one can force you to acquire or retain a domicile 
anywhere, including within the federal zone or to accept the civil status 
that attaches to it of statutory citizen (14th Amendment citizen) or 
resident. It is voluntary. Domicile determines your Civil and Legal and 
Statutory status. It does not determine your Political status or 
Nationality. Civil Status or Legal status: (Civil: originally pertaining to 
or appropriate to a member of a civitas or free political community; 
natural or proper to a citizen {National}. Also, relating to the 
community, or to the policy and government of the citizen and subject 
of a state.) Civil Status: gives you 1. The ability to contract with other 
parties including the government. 2. Politically and legally associate 
with groups you choose to associate with. *3. Choose or nominate the 
civil government that you want to protect your rights to life liberty and 
property...this is where your jury of peers is established, etc.3.1 
choosing a domicile is an act of political association that has legal 
consequences in which you nominate a specific municipal government 
to protect your rights and property.[In others word the local 
governmental  laws that will govern you]  This is why the Declaration 
of Independence says that all just powers of government are derived 
from the consent of the people. Those who do not concede to a civil 
municipality have no civil protection or real Civil Rights you would be 
automatically   presumed to have a statutory citizenship status[14th 
Amendment citizen see Civiliter Mortuus or Civil Death]. Domicile is 
how you exercise rights 2 and 3. You can choose where your domicile 
is and you can change it at any time. 
When you choose a domicile, you elect or nominate a 
protector, which in turn gives rise to an obligation to pay for the civil 
protection demanded. The method of providing that protection is the 
civil laws of the municipal (as in county [Branch Temple]) jurisdiction 
that you chose a domicile within; ( Divine Constitution and By-Laws, 
Additional Laws, the Koran, General Laws, Supreme Laws, Rules, and 
Regulations, of the Prophet are the civil laws of the  Religious 
government (MSTof A))…Now what does it all mean? Well when one 
proclaims a Nationality their Political Status {political rights} is 
established (‘National’ of the United States of America,  Moorish 
American) giving you the choice to associate with a political 
community(Grand Temple, Grand Major Temples, Branch Temples) to 
establish your Civil Status/Legal Status your laws that will govern you. 
by your choice of Domicile;(Home Office of Noble Drew Ali Chicago, 
Il) thus creating the political or constitutional and civil status of a 
human being. A  National a true American citizen of the United States 
of America the Republic. A Moorish American!  We The People,  
Let us go a little further. Nationality gives you your 
citizenship as a national, a constitutional citizen. 
Citizens
are members of a political community who in 
their associated capacity, have established or submitted 
themselves to the dominion of a government. {The 
Religious Body Politic aka Moorish Science Temple of 
America.} By giving up some of their natural rights for 
the promotion of their general wellfare and the protection 
of their individual as well as collective rights. Herriot v 
City of Seattle 81 Wash. 2d 48 500 P 2nd 101, 109
.  
Citizen
one who under the Constitution and laws of the 
United States of America or of a particular state, is a 
member of the political community owing  allegiance 
(allegiance is associated with Nationality allegiance is 
what makes one a citizen/subject of a country.)  And 
being entitled to the enjoyments of full Civil Rights
. 
Ones full Civil Rights
are enforced through municipal 
civil law, which in turn can only attach to ones choice of 
legal domicile. 
Now for those who believe that being a Private 
Individual or alien national is going to protect you 
because you got this status by way of paper work/ucc 
etc... You are the executor of such n such estate you have 
copied right to your name, you are power of attorney 
etc., etc., etc..  (You may be getting small reprievable 
remedies for now but).  When private individuals of one 
nation (states of the union) spread themselves through 
another as business or caprice may direct, mingling 
indiscriminately with the inhabitants of that other or 
when merchant vessels enter for the purpose of trade it 
would be inconvenient and dangerous to  society, and 
would subject the law to continuous infractions… if such 
Individual or merchant did not owe temporary and local 
allegiance and were not amenable to the jurisdiction of 
the country… the implied license, therefore under which
 
They enter can never be construed to grant such exemption 7 Cranch 144
. “…the implied license under 
which private individuals of another nation enter the territory and mingle indiscriminately with its 
inhabitants for purpose of business or pleasure can never be construed to grant to them an exemption from 
the jurisdiction of the country in which they are found. See also Carlisle v U.S. (1872)16 Wall. 147, 155 
Radich v Hutchins (1877) 95 U.S. 210.
So even if you have done all that paper work and think yourself untouchable…WAM-BAM ‘applied 
license’ all because you failed to see that The Moorish Science Temple of America (the correct one…there 
is but One) is the only soul foundation where the Asiatic of North America will find his/her salvation 
under! ..Now just because you failed to see does not mean defeat. You must be domiciled in your Political 
Community; a branch temple of the MSTof A (Act 1 Additional Laws) which is attached to The One 
Temple your domicile.  
All the fancy names, The Great Amexem such and such these great so called Orders of this and that all 
theses sects and clubs, and 501(c) 3’s with Moorish this and that as your name. Your heart may be right 
looking for the salvation established by the Prophet Noble Drew Ali but your association is wrong. The 
facts are if you are not domiciled in your own municipality as a constitutional citizen; then no matter what 
you do. And this could be hard for some to swallow…You are subject to the civil laws that you were born 
(formed) in; and the only civil laws attached to a Negro is statutory civil laws of  a 14th Amendment citizen. 
Most Moors today have a birth certificate with the misnomer Negro as the nationality. Your birth 
certificates acts as your place of resident  (being over 18 legal age to consent  you freely made a choice to 
stay as a resident on record and registered , by way of your birth certificate in a federal zone)  that 
determines your civil laws that will govern you.  
All must see were the authority lies, and that’s with the Holy Prophet Noble Drew Ali sent from Allah 
to saves us from the wrath of Allah, period! The Prophets One Temple; known as the Moorish Science 
Temple of America. That is why he put his face on the documents. He is the seal, on the charter; he is the 
Moorish Science Temple of America and you cannot separate the two. Plus he had to put his face on the 
documents so we would know the real one, he is a prophet he saw all this coming… and even after he put 
his seal on all official records Laws, Regulations, Rules Organic Law, Koran (ecclesiastical and Secular 
laws) etc. still some choose to follow the so-called  reincarnated so-called Prophet. The  C. Kirckman Bey, 
Lomax Bey, the Dingel El’s, W.Frad Muhammad, German Bey, C. M. Bey etc. etc. etc.   And these are the 
facts. So you have today brothers and sisters thinking they can do, they own thing without the Prophet and 
his lawful succession. It’s not enough to just put his name in your documents, on web sites, have a bey or el 
attached to your acquired last name without properly; being part and parcel via-your Per Capita Tax Card, 
Dues card, Nationality and Identification Card for the Moorish Science Temple of America etc..  (And 
Birthrights for the Moorish Americans.) in the correct Temple.  Your Dues Card establishes your years in 
the Temple in your local municipal government by way of No. of Temple on the card and Domicile at 
Home office.  Per Capita Tax Card show you are paying tax to you jurisdiction and numerates you as parcel 
and establish jurisdiction to your Body Politic. Study your Nationality and Identification Card it is all there 
too.   
RE: The Prophet‘s Warning To The Nations Friday, March 1, 1928; 
“Money (Notes) does not make 
the man; it is free national standards (association) and power (establish your own municipal 
government; connect ‘Home Rule Charter’, the prophet left no stone unturned) that make a man and 
nation. The wealth of all National Governments, gold, silver (what creditor deal in), commerce, 
(Uniform Commercial Code) belongs to the citizen alone; and without your national citizenship by 
name and principle, (the holy and divine laws) you have no true wealth…” (Emphasis added).  
Question; when has a Negro ever been a citizen of the USA; I will tell you NEVER! (See Dread Scott 
case 1864
) So what gives him/her the right to act as a citizen (1st class) in commerce? Doing business as a 
National (one who holds the credit of the nation)? Also clamming to be sovereign you went from a Negro 
to sovereign- oooBoy how you do that? By way of commerce? Ucc?  Were you had to be a true citizen to 
fully use that body of law… sounds fishy. Remember money does not make a man, money an interments 
used in commerce; its free national standards that make a man. A ‘Man’ you were 3/5 a man; free national 
standards are (Nationality and Divine Creed the two parts that were missing from your status to make you a 
Man/Human.)  Let us move on and conclude this academic. 
National Citizenship and/or  National of the USA
pursuant to 8U.S.C Sec. 1101(a)(12),
(see bottom of N&ID Card) Defined under federal law 
under laws of Nation, under state Laws and under USA Constitution.  
I. 
Is equivalent to the term “state citizen” 
II. 
In general, born in any one of the several states of the union but not in a federal territory, 
possession or the Districts of Columbia, and not domiciled in the federal zone. 
III. 
IV. 
V. 
VI. 
Owes allegiance to ‘We the People’, collective, and individually within the body politic of the 
constitutional state residing in. (Moorish Science Temple of America) 
May serve as a state jurist or grand jurist involving only parties with his/her same citizenship 
and domicile status. ( Jury of your peers)  
May vote in state elections (electors) 
Is a man or woman whose unalienable natural rights are recognized, secured and protected by 
his state (Body Politic) 
National citizenship is a Constitutional citizen
: Constitutional Citizen is a Political status tied to: 
Nationality 
The U.S. Constitution 
Political jurisdiction and a specific political status 
A “Nation” under the laws of Nations. 
I. 
II. 
III. 
IV. 
See National or state national or national of the United State of America or United States under 8 U.S.C. 
Sec. 1101 (a) (21)
National
can also be described as a “citizen” when he/she is domiciled within the territorial and legislative 
jurisdiction of the Political Body to which one claims allegiance, being a ‘National” is therefore an attribute 
and a prerequisite of being a citizen and the term can be used to describe ‘citizen.” 
“Any group of people who fail to answer up to the Constitutional Standards of Law by name and 
principle, (Charter) because to be a citizen of any government you must claim your national name 
and descent.”  
“I the prophet was prepared by the Great God Allah to warn my people to repent from their 
sinful ways, and go back to the state of mind of their forefathers’ divine and National Principles-that 
they will be law abiders and receive their divine rights as citizens according to the free national 
Constitution that was prepared for all free national beings, they are to claim their own free national 
name and religion. There is but one issue for the to be recognized by this Government (USA) and of 
the earth and that comes ONLY THROUGH the connection (in association with) of the Moorish 
Divine National Movement, which is incorporated in this government and recognized by all other 
Nations (States of the union also) of the world. And through it, they and their children can receive 
their divine rights (Political Rights, Real Civil Rights within Religious Body Politic etc) unmolested 
by other citizens”.  RE: The Prophet Warning To The Nation Friday November 30, 1928 (Emphasis 
added)  
One also becomes a constitutional citizen or citizen in a common law or Constitutional sense by being 
born (implies nationality)or naturalized in a country and exercising their first Amendment rights of political 
association by voluntarily choosing a national (Proclaiming your nationality) and a municipal domicile in 
that country. 
Let us tie in the checkmate move the holy Prophet put up. Religion
religion all-of –a suadeen…  
for all those bandwagon haters of 
“While we the Moorish Americans, are returning to Islam, which was founded by our forefathers 
for our earthly and divine salvation.”  RE: HKofMSTofA The End Of Time and The Fulfilling Of The 
Prophesies
p.67-68 verse 8 
(Our Holy Koran of the Moorish Science Temple of America are Ecclesiastical & Secular Laws for 
Moorish Americans) see BlaK. Laws 6th: Koran: The Mohammedain book of faith, it contains both 
ecclesiastical and secular laws. 
See RE: Our Authority 2nd ¶
“The Moorish Science Temple of America deriving its power and 
authority for the Grate Koran of Mohammed to propagate the faith and extend the learning and the truth of 
the Great Prophet of Ali in America.” 
“In these modern days, there came a forerunner who was divinely prepared by the great God-Allah, and 
his name is Marcus Garvey, who did teach and warn the nations of the earth to prepared to meet the coming 
prophet who was to bring the true and divine Creed of Islam; and his name is Noble Drew Ali who was 
prepared and sent to this earth by Allah to teach the old time religion and the everlasting gospel to the sons 
of men, that every nation shall and must worship under their own vine and fig tree and return to their own 
and be one with their Farther God-Allah.” (emphasis added)   RE: HKofMSTofA The  End Of Time And 
The Fulfilling of The Prophases p.67v3
The entire structure of the Moorish Science Temple of America is Religious its citizens, its laws, 
customs, duties, Rules, Regulations, Why the Bey and El you hold is religious. Because all is under a 
Religious Body Politic a Nation. See RE: the law holds up our Authority “Corporation-Religious Affidavit 
of Organization”. Religious Corporation Act Ch. 32 par.164 Sec.35 
“Any church, congregation or society 
formed for the purpose of religious worship may become incorporated in the following… and may adopt a 
corporate, by name… it shall and remain a body politic and corporate, by the name so adopted. 
What do other laws say about Religion? 
RFRA (Religious freedom and restoration Act) The supreme Court had found “exercise” to be burdened 
when laws interfere with a particular religious practice or ceremony (Gonzales v O Centro espirita 
Beneficento Uniao do Vegetal, 564. U.S. 418 (2000)
“Courts may not decide matters of church doctrine or governance.”(Cf. Kedroff v St. Nicholas Cathedral, 
344 U.S. 94,116 (1952))
U.S. v Ballard (1944)
The Courts found that neither neither the courts nor the government have the right to 
evaluate the religious beliefs of a citizen or group.  
*Waston v Jones, 80 U.S. (13 Wall
) Courts may not interfere in matters of church doctrine, discipline or 
policy.  
[T]he First Amendment rest upon the premise that both religion and government can best work to achieve 
their lofty aims if each is left free from the other within it-respected sphere. (Jurisdiction) Justice Hugo 
Black (Mc Collum v Board of Education, 333 U.S. 203, 212 (1984))
According to the United States Supreme Acts of State to wit: “Every sovereign state (people) is bound to 
respect the independence of every other sovereign State (people) and the courts of  another country will 
NOT SIT in Judgment on the acts of the government of another, done within its own territory.” 
Also where rights are secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule-making or 
legislation which would abrogate them Miranda v Arizona 384 US 436,125: (10) 
The claim and exercise of constitutional rights cannot be converted into a crime. Miller v Kansas 230 F 2nd 
486 489:(11)
Missionaries Man or Woman piece it together can you not see your earthly and divine salvation the Holy 
Prophet Noble Drew Ali establish for us. Keep the Prophet out in front, because his was tried and true. It 
stands as a fact today!! And all this above come by way of your nationality, better yet you truly 
understanding Your Nationality.  
In conclusion  
I hope this academic brings moor light to the importance of ‘KEEPING THE PROPHET OUT IN 
FRONT’ the jurisprudence thereof. My intention was not to offend any organization or group. We need not 
chase after the gods of Europe and mere ideas of man to save ourselves.  Allah’s holy Prophet got us! 
And that’s a fact! Some might need to as I did; to smash the ego, and humble themselves and  
“Say not unto thyself, “Behold, truth breedeth hatred, and I will avoid it; dissimulation (to disguise 
ones intentions under a feigned appearance) raisheth friends, and I will follow it.” Are not the enemies, 
made by truth better than friends obtained by flattery?”  HKofMSTofA XLIII : 18
To be continued…
Peace and Love Your Brother C. Jones Bey  
Member of the Moorish Science Temple of America 
© The Royal Canaanite Publishing Circle in conjunction with CaHIRAM©  
All rights reserved. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study, research, 
criticism or review, as permitted under the Copyright, no part of this publication may be 
reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, 
electrical, chemical, mechanical, optical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the 
prior permission of the copyright owner. Enquires should be address to the Publishers.  
Editorial by CaHIRAM©, Page layout, Cover designed by Royal Genealogy Library staff of 
CaHIRAM©  
Printed & Made in Amexem; distributed by Navigatoors Trade and Transportation Circle  
01.07.3 The Moorish American Scholar; New Era of Ali 126 AB- July 30, 2012  
Moorish American Historical Institution & Royal Archive of California This booklet has been 
approved by Historian  
Dedication  
To those who do not know where the authority lies. & my enlightener J. Johnson Bey and the 
Members of MSTofA  
Readers my care to note that the original copies of photos and documents are from the Royal 
Archives of CaHIRAM.  
Editors note  
We would like to extend our appreciation to you the academic for your support in our efforts to 
uplift fallen humanity through scientific research of the Truth and Divine Truth and the 
propagation thereof. L.T.P.F.J.  
FOR A CATOLOGE OF ALL MOORISH AMERICAN SCHOLAR BOOKLETS OF CaHIRAM© PLEASE 
CONTACT US @ firelamb07@gmail.com  
CaHIRAM© departmental of Naviatoors of the Dawn aka NAVIGATOORS© 
NAVIGATOOR IN ASSOCIATION WITH 
THE ROYAL CANAANITE PUBLISHING CIRCLE LOS ANGELES CALIF. USA 